write read
write read$FUSE
write read$alg
write read$char_usb
write read$dsp
write read$eventfd
write read$fb
write read$hiddev
write read$hidraw
write read$midi
write read$proc_mixer
write read$ptp
write read$qrtrtun
write read$rfkill
write read$sequencer
write read$smackfs_access
write read$smackfs_cipsonum
write read$smackfs_logging
write read$smackfs_ptrace
write read$snapshot
write read$snddsp
write read$sndhw
write read$trusty
write read$usbfs
write read$usbmon
write$6lowpan_control read
write$6lowpan_control read$FUSE
write$6lowpan_control read$alg
write$6lowpan_control read$char_usb
write$6lowpan_control read$dsp
write$6lowpan_control read$eventfd
write$6lowpan_control read$fb
write$6lowpan_control read$hiddev
write$6lowpan_control read$hidraw
write$6lowpan_control read$midi
write$6lowpan_control read$proc_mixer
write$6lowpan_control read$ptp
write$6lowpan_control read$qrtrtun
write$6lowpan_control read$rfkill
write$6lowpan_control read$sequencer
write$6lowpan_control read$smackfs_access
write$6lowpan_control read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$6lowpan_control read$smackfs_logging
write$6lowpan_control read$smackfs_ptrace
write$6lowpan_control read$snapshot
write$6lowpan_control read$snddsp
write$6lowpan_control read$sndhw
write$6lowpan_control read$trusty
write$6lowpan_control read$usbfs
write$6lowpan_control read$usbmon
write$6lowpan_enable read
write$6lowpan_enable read$FUSE
write$6lowpan_enable read$alg
write$6lowpan_enable read$char_usb
write$6lowpan_enable read$dsp
write$6lowpan_enable read$eventfd
write$6lowpan_enable read$fb
write$6lowpan_enable read$hiddev
write$6lowpan_enable read$hidraw
write$6lowpan_enable read$midi
write$6lowpan_enable read$proc_mixer
write$6lowpan_enable read$ptp
write$6lowpan_enable read$qrtrtun
write$6lowpan_enable read$rfkill
write$6lowpan_enable read$sequencer
write$6lowpan_enable read$smackfs_access
write$6lowpan_enable read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$6lowpan_enable read$smackfs_logging
write$6lowpan_enable read$smackfs_ptrace
write$6lowpan_enable read$snapshot
write$6lowpan_enable read$snddsp
write$6lowpan_enable read$sndhw
write$6lowpan_enable read$trusty
write$6lowpan_enable read$usbfs
write$6lowpan_enable read$usbmon
write$9p read
write$9p read$FUSE
write$9p read$alg
write$9p read$char_usb
write$9p read$dsp
write$9p read$eventfd
write$9p read$fb
write$9p read$hiddev
write$9p read$hidraw
write$9p read$midi
write$9p read$proc_mixer
write$9p read$ptp
write$9p read$qrtrtun
write$9p read$rfkill
write$9p read$sequencer
write$9p read$smackfs_access
write$9p read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$9p read$smackfs_logging
write$9p read$smackfs_ptrace
write$9p read$snapshot
write$9p read$snddsp
write$9p read$sndhw
write$9p read$trusty
write$9p read$usbfs
write$9p read$usbmon
write$ALLOC_MW read
write$ALLOC_MW read$FUSE
write$ALLOC_MW read$alg
write$ALLOC_MW read$char_usb
write$ALLOC_MW read$dsp
write$ALLOC_MW read$eventfd
write$ALLOC_MW read$fb
write$ALLOC_MW read$hiddev
write$ALLOC_MW read$hidraw
write$ALLOC_MW read$midi
write$ALLOC_MW read$proc_mixer
write$ALLOC_MW read$ptp
write$ALLOC_MW read$qrtrtun
write$ALLOC_MW read$rfkill
write$ALLOC_MW read$sequencer
write$ALLOC_MW read$smackfs_access
write$ALLOC_MW read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$ALLOC_MW read$smackfs_logging
write$ALLOC_MW read$smackfs_ptrace
write$ALLOC_MW read$snapshot
write$ALLOC_MW read$snddsp
write$ALLOC_MW read$sndhw
write$ALLOC_MW read$trusty
write$ALLOC_MW read$usbfs
write$ALLOC_MW read$usbmon
write$ALLOC_PD read
write$ALLOC_PD read$FUSE
write$ALLOC_PD read$alg
write$ALLOC_PD read$char_usb
write$ALLOC_PD read$dsp
write$ALLOC_PD read$eventfd
write$ALLOC_PD read$fb
write$ALLOC_PD read$hiddev
write$ALLOC_PD read$hidraw
write$ALLOC_PD read$midi
write$ALLOC_PD read$proc_mixer
write$ALLOC_PD read$ptp
write$ALLOC_PD read$qrtrtun
write$ALLOC_PD read$rfkill
write$ALLOC_PD read$sequencer
write$ALLOC_PD read$smackfs_access
write$ALLOC_PD read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$ALLOC_PD read$smackfs_logging
write$ALLOC_PD read$smackfs_ptrace
write$ALLOC_PD read$snapshot
write$ALLOC_PD read$snddsp
write$ALLOC_PD read$sndhw
write$ALLOC_PD read$trusty
write$ALLOC_PD read$usbfs
write$ALLOC_PD read$usbmon
write$ATTACH_MCAST read
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$FUSE
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$alg
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$char_usb
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$dsp
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$eventfd
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$fb
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$hiddev
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$hidraw
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$midi
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$proc_mixer
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$ptp
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$qrtrtun
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$rfkill
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$sequencer
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$smackfs_access
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$smackfs_logging
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$smackfs_ptrace
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$snapshot
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$snddsp
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$sndhw
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$trusty
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$usbfs
write$ATTACH_MCAST read$usbmon
write$CLOSE_XRCD read
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$FUSE
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$alg
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$char_usb
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$dsp
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$eventfd
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$fb
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$hiddev
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$hidraw
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$midi
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$proc_mixer
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$ptp
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$qrtrtun
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$rfkill
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$sequencer
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$smackfs_access
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$smackfs_logging
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$smackfs_ptrace
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$snapshot
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$snddsp
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$sndhw
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$trusty
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$usbfs
write$CLOSE_XRCD read$usbmon
write$CREATE_AH read
write$CREATE_AH read$FUSE
write$CREATE_AH read$alg
write$CREATE_AH read$char_usb
write$CREATE_AH read$dsp
write$CREATE_AH read$eventfd
write$CREATE_AH read$fb
write$CREATE_AH read$hiddev
write$CREATE_AH read$hidraw
write$CREATE_AH read$midi
write$CREATE_AH read$proc_mixer
write$CREATE_AH read$ptp
write$CREATE_AH read$qrtrtun
write$CREATE_AH read$rfkill
write$CREATE_AH read$sequencer
write$CREATE_AH read$smackfs_access
write$CREATE_AH read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$CREATE_AH read$smackfs_logging
write$CREATE_AH read$smackfs_ptrace
write$CREATE_AH read$snapshot
write$CREATE_AH read$snddsp
write$CREATE_AH read$sndhw
write$CREATE_AH read$trusty
write$CREATE_AH read$usbfs
write$CREATE_AH read$usbmon
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$FUSE
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$alg
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$char_usb
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$dsp
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$eventfd
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$fb
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$hiddev
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$hidraw
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$midi
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$proc_mixer
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$ptp
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$qrtrtun
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$rfkill
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$sequencer
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$smackfs_access
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$smackfs_logging
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$smackfs_ptrace
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$snapshot
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$snddsp
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$sndhw
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$trusty
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$usbfs
write$CREATE_COMP_CHANNEL read$usbmon
write$CREATE_CQ read
write$CREATE_CQ read$FUSE
write$CREATE_CQ read$alg
write$CREATE_CQ read$char_usb
write$CREATE_CQ read$dsp
write$CREATE_CQ read$eventfd
write$CREATE_CQ read$fb
write$CREATE_CQ read$hiddev
write$CREATE_CQ read$hidraw
write$CREATE_CQ read$midi
write$CREATE_CQ read$proc_mixer
write$CREATE_CQ read$ptp
write$CREATE_CQ read$qrtrtun
write$CREATE_CQ read$rfkill
write$CREATE_CQ read$sequencer
write$CREATE_CQ read$smackfs_access
write$CREATE_CQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$CREATE_CQ read$smackfs_logging
write$CREATE_CQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$CREATE_CQ read$snapshot
write$CREATE_CQ read$snddsp
write$CREATE_CQ read$sndhw
write$CREATE_CQ read$trusty
write$CREATE_CQ read$usbfs
write$CREATE_CQ read$usbmon
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$FUSE
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$alg
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$char_usb
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$dsp
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$eventfd
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$fb
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$hiddev
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$hidraw
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$midi
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$proc_mixer
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$ptp
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$qrtrtun
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$rfkill
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$sequencer
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$smackfs_access
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$smackfs_logging
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$smackfs_ptrace
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$snapshot
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$snddsp
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$sndhw
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$trusty
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$usbfs
write$CREATE_CQ_EX read$usbmon
write$CREATE_FLOW read
write$CREATE_FLOW read$FUSE
write$CREATE_FLOW read$alg
write$CREATE_FLOW read$char_usb
write$CREATE_FLOW read$dsp
write$CREATE_FLOW read$eventfd
write$CREATE_FLOW read$fb
write$CREATE_FLOW read$hiddev
write$CREATE_FLOW read$hidraw
write$CREATE_FLOW read$midi
write$CREATE_FLOW read$proc_mixer
write$CREATE_FLOW read$ptp
write$CREATE_FLOW read$qrtrtun
write$CREATE_FLOW read$rfkill
write$CREATE_FLOW read$sequencer
write$CREATE_FLOW read$smackfs_access
write$CREATE_FLOW read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$CREATE_FLOW read$smackfs_logging
write$CREATE_FLOW read$smackfs_ptrace
write$CREATE_FLOW read$snapshot
write$CREATE_FLOW read$snddsp
write$CREATE_FLOW read$sndhw
write$CREATE_FLOW read$trusty
write$CREATE_FLOW read$usbfs
write$CREATE_FLOW read$usbmon
write$CREATE_QP read
write$CREATE_QP read$FUSE
write$CREATE_QP read$alg
write$CREATE_QP read$char_usb
write$CREATE_QP read$dsp
write$CREATE_QP read$eventfd
write$CREATE_QP read$fb
write$CREATE_QP read$hiddev
write$CREATE_QP read$hidraw
write$CREATE_QP read$midi
write$CREATE_QP read$proc_mixer
write$CREATE_QP read$ptp
write$CREATE_QP read$qrtrtun
write$CREATE_QP read$rfkill
write$CREATE_QP read$sequencer
write$CREATE_QP read$smackfs_access
write$CREATE_QP read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$CREATE_QP read$smackfs_logging
write$CREATE_QP read$smackfs_ptrace
write$CREATE_QP read$snapshot
write$CREATE_QP read$snddsp
write$CREATE_QP read$sndhw
write$CREATE_QP read$trusty
write$CREATE_QP read$usbfs
write$CREATE_QP read$usbmon
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$FUSE
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$alg
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$char_usb
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$dsp
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$eventfd
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$fb
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$hiddev
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$hidraw
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$midi
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$proc_mixer
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$ptp
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$qrtrtun
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$rfkill
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$sequencer
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$smackfs_access
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$smackfs_logging
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$smackfs_ptrace
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$snapshot
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$snddsp
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$sndhw
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$trusty
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$usbfs
write$CREATE_RWQ_IND_TBL read$usbmon
write$CREATE_SRQ read
write$CREATE_SRQ read$FUSE
write$CREATE_SRQ read$alg
write$CREATE_SRQ read$char_usb
write$CREATE_SRQ read$dsp
write$CREATE_SRQ read$eventfd
write$CREATE_SRQ read$fb
write$CREATE_SRQ read$hiddev
write$CREATE_SRQ read$hidraw
write$CREATE_SRQ read$midi
write$CREATE_SRQ read$proc_mixer
write$CREATE_SRQ read$ptp
write$CREATE_SRQ read$qrtrtun
write$CREATE_SRQ read$rfkill
write$CREATE_SRQ read$sequencer
write$CREATE_SRQ read$smackfs_access
write$CREATE_SRQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$CREATE_SRQ read$smackfs_logging
write$CREATE_SRQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$CREATE_SRQ read$snapshot
write$CREATE_SRQ read$snddsp
write$CREATE_SRQ read$sndhw
write$CREATE_SRQ read$trusty
write$CREATE_SRQ read$usbfs
write$CREATE_SRQ read$usbmon
write$CREATE_WQ read
write$CREATE_WQ read$FUSE
write$CREATE_WQ read$alg
write$CREATE_WQ read$char_usb
write$CREATE_WQ read$dsp
write$CREATE_WQ read$eventfd
write$CREATE_WQ read$fb
write$CREATE_WQ read$hiddev
write$CREATE_WQ read$hidraw
write$CREATE_WQ read$midi
write$CREATE_WQ read$proc_mixer
write$CREATE_WQ read$ptp
write$CREATE_WQ read$qrtrtun
write$CREATE_WQ read$rfkill
write$CREATE_WQ read$sequencer
write$CREATE_WQ read$smackfs_access
write$CREATE_WQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$CREATE_WQ read$smackfs_logging
write$CREATE_WQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$CREATE_WQ read$snapshot
write$CREATE_WQ read$snddsp
write$CREATE_WQ read$sndhw
write$CREATE_WQ read$trusty
write$CREATE_WQ read$usbfs
write$CREATE_WQ read$usbmon
write$DEALLOC_MW read
write$DEALLOC_MW read$FUSE
write$DEALLOC_MW read$alg
write$DEALLOC_MW read$char_usb
write$DEALLOC_MW read$dsp
write$DEALLOC_MW read$eventfd
write$DEALLOC_MW read$fb
write$DEALLOC_MW read$hiddev
write$DEALLOC_MW read$hidraw
write$DEALLOC_MW read$midi
write$DEALLOC_MW read$proc_mixer
write$DEALLOC_MW read$ptp
write$DEALLOC_MW read$qrtrtun
write$DEALLOC_MW read$rfkill
write$DEALLOC_MW read$sequencer
write$DEALLOC_MW read$smackfs_access
write$DEALLOC_MW read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$DEALLOC_MW read$smackfs_logging
write$DEALLOC_MW read$smackfs_ptrace
write$DEALLOC_MW read$snapshot
write$DEALLOC_MW read$snddsp
write$DEALLOC_MW read$sndhw
write$DEALLOC_MW read$trusty
write$DEALLOC_MW read$usbfs
write$DEALLOC_MW read$usbmon
write$DEALLOC_PD read
write$DEALLOC_PD read$FUSE
write$DEALLOC_PD read$alg
write$DEALLOC_PD read$char_usb
write$DEALLOC_PD read$dsp
write$DEALLOC_PD read$eventfd
write$DEALLOC_PD read$fb
write$DEALLOC_PD read$hiddev
write$DEALLOC_PD read$hidraw
write$DEALLOC_PD read$midi
write$DEALLOC_PD read$proc_mixer
write$DEALLOC_PD read$ptp
write$DEALLOC_PD read$qrtrtun
write$DEALLOC_PD read$rfkill
write$DEALLOC_PD read$sequencer
write$DEALLOC_PD read$smackfs_access
write$DEALLOC_PD read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$DEALLOC_PD read$smackfs_logging
write$DEALLOC_PD read$smackfs_ptrace
write$DEALLOC_PD read$snapshot
write$DEALLOC_PD read$snddsp
write$DEALLOC_PD read$sndhw
write$DEALLOC_PD read$trusty
write$DEALLOC_PD read$usbfs
write$DEALLOC_PD read$usbmon
write$DEREG_MR read
write$DEREG_MR read$FUSE
write$DEREG_MR read$alg
write$DEREG_MR read$char_usb
write$DEREG_MR read$dsp
write$DEREG_MR read$eventfd
write$DEREG_MR read$fb
write$DEREG_MR read$hiddev
write$DEREG_MR read$hidraw
write$DEREG_MR read$midi
write$DEREG_MR read$proc_mixer
write$DEREG_MR read$ptp
write$DEREG_MR read$qrtrtun
write$DEREG_MR read$rfkill
write$DEREG_MR read$sequencer
write$DEREG_MR read$smackfs_access
write$DEREG_MR read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$DEREG_MR read$smackfs_logging
write$DEREG_MR read$smackfs_ptrace
write$DEREG_MR read$snapshot
write$DEREG_MR read$snddsp
write$DEREG_MR read$sndhw
write$DEREG_MR read$trusty
write$DEREG_MR read$usbfs
write$DEREG_MR read$usbmon
write$DESTROY_AH read
write$DESTROY_AH read$FUSE
write$DESTROY_AH read$alg
write$DESTROY_AH read$char_usb
write$DESTROY_AH read$dsp
write$DESTROY_AH read$eventfd
write$DESTROY_AH read$fb
write$DESTROY_AH read$hiddev
write$DESTROY_AH read$hidraw
write$DESTROY_AH read$midi
write$DESTROY_AH read$proc_mixer
write$DESTROY_AH read$ptp
write$DESTROY_AH read$qrtrtun
write$DESTROY_AH read$rfkill
write$DESTROY_AH read$sequencer
write$DESTROY_AH read$smackfs_access
write$DESTROY_AH read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$DESTROY_AH read$smackfs_logging
write$DESTROY_AH read$smackfs_ptrace
write$DESTROY_AH read$snapshot
write$DESTROY_AH read$snddsp
write$DESTROY_AH read$sndhw
write$DESTROY_AH read$trusty
write$DESTROY_AH read$usbfs
write$DESTROY_AH read$usbmon
write$DESTROY_CQ read
write$DESTROY_CQ read$FUSE
write$DESTROY_CQ read$alg
write$DESTROY_CQ read$char_usb
write$DESTROY_CQ read$dsp
write$DESTROY_CQ read$eventfd
write$DESTROY_CQ read$fb
write$DESTROY_CQ read$hiddev
write$DESTROY_CQ read$hidraw
write$DESTROY_CQ read$midi
write$DESTROY_CQ read$proc_mixer
write$DESTROY_CQ read$ptp
write$DESTROY_CQ read$qrtrtun
write$DESTROY_CQ read$rfkill
write$DESTROY_CQ read$sequencer
write$DESTROY_CQ read$smackfs_access
write$DESTROY_CQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$DESTROY_CQ read$smackfs_logging
write$DESTROY_CQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$DESTROY_CQ read$snapshot
write$DESTROY_CQ read$snddsp
write$DESTROY_CQ read$sndhw
write$DESTROY_CQ read$trusty
write$DESTROY_CQ read$usbfs
write$DESTROY_CQ read$usbmon
write$DESTROY_FLOW read
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$FUSE
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$alg
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$char_usb
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$dsp
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$eventfd
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$fb
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$hiddev
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$hidraw
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$midi
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$proc_mixer
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$ptp
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$qrtrtun
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$rfkill
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$sequencer
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$smackfs_access
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$smackfs_logging
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$smackfs_ptrace
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$snapshot
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$snddsp
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$sndhw
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$trusty
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$usbfs
write$DESTROY_FLOW read$usbmon
write$DESTROY_QP read
write$DESTROY_QP read$FUSE
write$DESTROY_QP read$alg
write$DESTROY_QP read$char_usb
write$DESTROY_QP read$dsp
write$DESTROY_QP read$eventfd
write$DESTROY_QP read$fb
write$DESTROY_QP read$hiddev
write$DESTROY_QP read$hidraw
write$DESTROY_QP read$midi
write$DESTROY_QP read$proc_mixer
write$DESTROY_QP read$ptp
write$DESTROY_QP read$qrtrtun
write$DESTROY_QP read$rfkill
write$DESTROY_QP read$sequencer
write$DESTROY_QP read$smackfs_access
write$DESTROY_QP read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$DESTROY_QP read$smackfs_logging
write$DESTROY_QP read$smackfs_ptrace
write$DESTROY_QP read$snapshot
write$DESTROY_QP read$snddsp
write$DESTROY_QP read$sndhw
write$DESTROY_QP read$trusty
write$DESTROY_QP read$usbfs
write$DESTROY_QP read$usbmon
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$FUSE
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$alg
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$char_usb
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$dsp
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$eventfd
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$fb
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$hiddev
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$hidraw
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$midi
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$proc_mixer
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$ptp
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$qrtrtun
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$rfkill
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$sequencer
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$smackfs_access
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$smackfs_logging
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$smackfs_ptrace
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$snapshot
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$snddsp
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$sndhw
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$trusty
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$usbfs
write$DESTROY_RWQ_IND_TBL read$usbmon
write$DESTROY_SRQ read
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$FUSE
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$alg
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$char_usb
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$dsp
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$eventfd
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$fb
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$hiddev
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$hidraw
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$midi
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$proc_mixer
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$ptp
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$qrtrtun
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$rfkill
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$sequencer
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$smackfs_access
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$smackfs_logging
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$snapshot
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$snddsp
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$sndhw
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$trusty
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$usbfs
write$DESTROY_SRQ read$usbmon
write$DESTROY_WQ read
write$DESTROY_WQ read$FUSE
write$DESTROY_WQ read$alg
write$DESTROY_WQ read$char_usb
write$DESTROY_WQ read$dsp
write$DESTROY_WQ read$eventfd
write$DESTROY_WQ read$fb
write$DESTROY_WQ read$hiddev
write$DESTROY_WQ read$hidraw
write$DESTROY_WQ read$midi
write$DESTROY_WQ read$proc_mixer
write$DESTROY_WQ read$ptp
write$DESTROY_WQ read$qrtrtun
write$DESTROY_WQ read$rfkill
write$DESTROY_WQ read$sequencer
write$DESTROY_WQ read$smackfs_access
write$DESTROY_WQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$DESTROY_WQ read$smackfs_logging
write$DESTROY_WQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$DESTROY_WQ read$snapshot
write$DESTROY_WQ read$snddsp
write$DESTROY_WQ read$sndhw
write$DESTROY_WQ read$trusty
write$DESTROY_WQ read$usbfs
write$DESTROY_WQ read$usbmon
write$DETACH_MCAST read
write$DETACH_MCAST read$FUSE
write$DETACH_MCAST read$alg
write$DETACH_MCAST read$char_usb
write$DETACH_MCAST read$dsp
write$DETACH_MCAST read$eventfd
write$DETACH_MCAST read$fb
write$DETACH_MCAST read$hiddev
write$DETACH_MCAST read$hidraw
write$DETACH_MCAST read$midi
write$DETACH_MCAST read$proc_mixer
write$DETACH_MCAST read$ptp
write$DETACH_MCAST read$qrtrtun
write$DETACH_MCAST read$rfkill
write$DETACH_MCAST read$sequencer
write$DETACH_MCAST read$smackfs_access
write$DETACH_MCAST read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$DETACH_MCAST read$smackfs_logging
write$DETACH_MCAST read$smackfs_ptrace
write$DETACH_MCAST read$snapshot
write$DETACH_MCAST read$snddsp
write$DETACH_MCAST read$sndhw
write$DETACH_MCAST read$trusty
write$DETACH_MCAST read$usbfs
write$DETACH_MCAST read$usbmon
write$FUSE_ATTR read
write$FUSE_ATTR read$FUSE
write$FUSE_ATTR read$alg
write$FUSE_ATTR read$char_usb
write$FUSE_ATTR read$dsp
write$FUSE_ATTR read$eventfd
write$FUSE_ATTR read$fb
write$FUSE_ATTR read$hiddev
write$FUSE_ATTR read$hidraw
write$FUSE_ATTR read$midi
write$FUSE_ATTR read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_ATTR read$ptp
write$FUSE_ATTR read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_ATTR read$rfkill
write$FUSE_ATTR read$sequencer
write$FUSE_ATTR read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_ATTR read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_ATTR read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_ATTR read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_ATTR read$snapshot
write$FUSE_ATTR read$snddsp
write$FUSE_ATTR read$sndhw
write$FUSE_ATTR read$trusty
write$FUSE_ATTR read$usbfs
write$FUSE_ATTR read$usbmon
write$FUSE_BMAP read
write$FUSE_BMAP read$FUSE
write$FUSE_BMAP read$alg
write$FUSE_BMAP read$char_usb
write$FUSE_BMAP read$dsp
write$FUSE_BMAP read$eventfd
write$FUSE_BMAP read$fb
write$FUSE_BMAP read$hiddev
write$FUSE_BMAP read$hidraw
write$FUSE_BMAP read$midi
write$FUSE_BMAP read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_BMAP read$ptp
write$FUSE_BMAP read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_BMAP read$rfkill
write$FUSE_BMAP read$sequencer
write$FUSE_BMAP read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_BMAP read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_BMAP read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_BMAP read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_BMAP read$snapshot
write$FUSE_BMAP read$snddsp
write$FUSE_BMAP read$sndhw
write$FUSE_BMAP read$trusty
write$FUSE_BMAP read$usbfs
write$FUSE_BMAP read$usbmon
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$FUSE
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$alg
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$char_usb
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$dsp
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$eventfd
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$fb
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$hiddev
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$hidraw
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$midi
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$ptp
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$rfkill
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$sequencer
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$snapshot
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$snddsp
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$sndhw
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$trusty
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$usbfs
write$FUSE_CREATE_OPEN read$usbmon
write$FUSE_DIRENT read
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$FUSE
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$alg
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$char_usb
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$dsp
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$eventfd
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$fb
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$hiddev
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$hidraw
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$midi
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$ptp
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$rfkill
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$sequencer
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$snapshot
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$snddsp
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$sndhw
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$trusty
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$usbfs
write$FUSE_DIRENT read$usbmon
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$FUSE
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$alg
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$char_usb
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$dsp
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$eventfd
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$fb
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$hiddev
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$hidraw
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$midi
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$ptp
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$rfkill
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$sequencer
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$snapshot
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$snddsp
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$sndhw
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$trusty
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$usbfs
write$FUSE_DIRENTPLUS read$usbmon
write$FUSE_ENTRY read
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$FUSE
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$alg
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$char_usb
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$dsp
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$eventfd
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$fb
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$hiddev
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$hidraw
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$midi
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$ptp
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$rfkill
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$sequencer
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$snapshot
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$snddsp
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$sndhw
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$trusty
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$usbfs
write$FUSE_ENTRY read$usbmon
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$FUSE
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$alg
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$char_usb
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$dsp
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$eventfd
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$fb
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$hiddev
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$hidraw
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$midi
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$ptp
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$rfkill
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$sequencer
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$snapshot
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$snddsp
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$sndhw
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$trusty
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$usbfs
write$FUSE_GETXATTR read$usbmon
write$FUSE_INIT read
write$FUSE_INIT read$FUSE
write$FUSE_INIT read$alg
write$FUSE_INIT read$char_usb
write$FUSE_INIT read$dsp
write$FUSE_INIT read$eventfd
write$FUSE_INIT read$fb
write$FUSE_INIT read$hiddev
write$FUSE_INIT read$hidraw
write$FUSE_INIT read$midi
write$FUSE_INIT read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_INIT read$ptp
write$FUSE_INIT read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_INIT read$rfkill
write$FUSE_INIT read$sequencer
write$FUSE_INIT read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_INIT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_INIT read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_INIT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_INIT read$snapshot
write$FUSE_INIT read$snddsp
write$FUSE_INIT read$sndhw
write$FUSE_INIT read$trusty
write$FUSE_INIT read$usbfs
write$FUSE_INIT read$usbmon
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$FUSE
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$alg
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$char_usb
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$dsp
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$eventfd
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$fb
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$hiddev
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$hidraw
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$midi
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$ptp
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$rfkill
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$sequencer
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$snapshot
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$snddsp
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$sndhw
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$trusty
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$usbfs
write$FUSE_INTERRUPT read$usbmon
write$FUSE_IOCTL read
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$FUSE
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$alg
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$char_usb
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$dsp
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$eventfd
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$fb
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$hiddev
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$hidraw
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$midi
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$ptp
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$rfkill
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$sequencer
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$snapshot
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$snddsp
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$sndhw
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$trusty
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$usbfs
write$FUSE_IOCTL read$usbmon
write$FUSE_LK read
write$FUSE_LK read$FUSE
write$FUSE_LK read$alg
write$FUSE_LK read$char_usb
write$FUSE_LK read$dsp
write$FUSE_LK read$eventfd
write$FUSE_LK read$fb
write$FUSE_LK read$hiddev
write$FUSE_LK read$hidraw
write$FUSE_LK read$midi
write$FUSE_LK read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_LK read$ptp
write$FUSE_LK read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_LK read$rfkill
write$FUSE_LK read$sequencer
write$FUSE_LK read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_LK read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_LK read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_LK read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_LK read$snapshot
write$FUSE_LK read$snddsp
write$FUSE_LK read$sndhw
write$FUSE_LK read$trusty
write$FUSE_LK read$usbfs
write$FUSE_LK read$usbmon
write$FUSE_LSEEK read
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$FUSE
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$alg
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$char_usb
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$dsp
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$eventfd
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$fb
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$hiddev
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$hidraw
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$midi
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$ptp
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$rfkill
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$sequencer
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$snapshot
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$snddsp
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$sndhw
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$trusty
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$usbfs
write$FUSE_LSEEK read$usbmon
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$FUSE
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$alg
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$char_usb
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$dsp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$eventfd
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$fb
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$hiddev
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$hidraw
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$midi
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$ptp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$rfkill
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$sequencer
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$snapshot
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$snddsp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$sndhw
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$trusty
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$usbfs
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_DELETE read$usbmon
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$FUSE
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$alg
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$char_usb
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$dsp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$eventfd
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$fb
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$hiddev
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$hidraw
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$midi
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$ptp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$rfkill
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$sequencer
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$snapshot
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$snddsp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$sndhw
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$trusty
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$usbfs
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_ENTRY read$usbmon
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$FUSE
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$alg
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$char_usb
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$dsp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$eventfd
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$fb
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$hiddev
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$hidraw
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$midi
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$ptp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$rfkill
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$sequencer
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$snapshot
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$snddsp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$sndhw
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$trusty
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$usbfs
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_INVAL_INODE read$usbmon
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$FUSE
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$alg
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$char_usb
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$dsp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$eventfd
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$fb
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$hiddev
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$hidraw
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$midi
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$ptp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$rfkill
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$sequencer
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$snapshot
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$snddsp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$sndhw
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$trusty
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$usbfs
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_POLL read$usbmon
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$FUSE
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$alg
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$char_usb
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$dsp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$eventfd
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$fb
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$hiddev
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$hidraw
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$midi
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$ptp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$rfkill
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$sequencer
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$snapshot
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$snddsp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$sndhw
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$trusty
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$usbfs
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_RETRIEVE read$usbmon
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$FUSE
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$alg
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$char_usb
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$dsp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$eventfd
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$fb
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$hiddev
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$hidraw
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$midi
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$ptp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$rfkill
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$sequencer
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$snapshot
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$snddsp
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$sndhw
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$trusty
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$usbfs
write$FUSE_NOTIFY_STORE read$usbmon
write$FUSE_OPEN read
write$FUSE_OPEN read$FUSE
write$FUSE_OPEN read$alg
write$FUSE_OPEN read$char_usb
write$FUSE_OPEN read$dsp
write$FUSE_OPEN read$eventfd
write$FUSE_OPEN read$fb
write$FUSE_OPEN read$hiddev
write$FUSE_OPEN read$hidraw
write$FUSE_OPEN read$midi
write$FUSE_OPEN read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_OPEN read$ptp
write$FUSE_OPEN read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_OPEN read$rfkill
write$FUSE_OPEN read$sequencer
write$FUSE_OPEN read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_OPEN read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_OPEN read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_OPEN read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_OPEN read$snapshot
write$FUSE_OPEN read$snddsp
write$FUSE_OPEN read$sndhw
write$FUSE_OPEN read$trusty
write$FUSE_OPEN read$usbfs
write$FUSE_OPEN read$usbmon
write$FUSE_POLL read
write$FUSE_POLL read$FUSE
write$FUSE_POLL read$alg
write$FUSE_POLL read$char_usb
write$FUSE_POLL read$dsp
write$FUSE_POLL read$eventfd
write$FUSE_POLL read$fb
write$FUSE_POLL read$hiddev
write$FUSE_POLL read$hidraw
write$FUSE_POLL read$midi
write$FUSE_POLL read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_POLL read$ptp
write$FUSE_POLL read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_POLL read$rfkill
write$FUSE_POLL read$sequencer
write$FUSE_POLL read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_POLL read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_POLL read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_POLL read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_POLL read$snapshot
write$FUSE_POLL read$snddsp
write$FUSE_POLL read$sndhw
write$FUSE_POLL read$trusty
write$FUSE_POLL read$usbfs
write$FUSE_POLL read$usbmon
write$FUSE_STATFS read
write$FUSE_STATFS read$FUSE
write$FUSE_STATFS read$alg
write$FUSE_STATFS read$char_usb
write$FUSE_STATFS read$dsp
write$FUSE_STATFS read$eventfd
write$FUSE_STATFS read$fb
write$FUSE_STATFS read$hiddev
write$FUSE_STATFS read$hidraw
write$FUSE_STATFS read$midi
write$FUSE_STATFS read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_STATFS read$ptp
write$FUSE_STATFS read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_STATFS read$rfkill
write$FUSE_STATFS read$sequencer
write$FUSE_STATFS read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_STATFS read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_STATFS read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_STATFS read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_STATFS read$snapshot
write$FUSE_STATFS read$snddsp
write$FUSE_STATFS read$sndhw
write$FUSE_STATFS read$trusty
write$FUSE_STATFS read$usbfs
write$FUSE_STATFS read$usbmon
write$FUSE_WRITE read
write$FUSE_WRITE read$FUSE
write$FUSE_WRITE read$alg
write$FUSE_WRITE read$char_usb
write$FUSE_WRITE read$dsp
write$FUSE_WRITE read$eventfd
write$FUSE_WRITE read$fb
write$FUSE_WRITE read$hiddev
write$FUSE_WRITE read$hidraw
write$FUSE_WRITE read$midi
write$FUSE_WRITE read$proc_mixer
write$FUSE_WRITE read$ptp
write$FUSE_WRITE read$qrtrtun
write$FUSE_WRITE read$rfkill
write$FUSE_WRITE read$sequencer
write$FUSE_WRITE read$smackfs_access
write$FUSE_WRITE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$FUSE_WRITE read$smackfs_logging
write$FUSE_WRITE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$FUSE_WRITE read$snapshot
write$FUSE_WRITE read$snddsp
write$FUSE_WRITE read$sndhw
write$FUSE_WRITE read$trusty
write$FUSE_WRITE read$usbfs
write$FUSE_WRITE read$usbmon
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$FUSE
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$alg
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$char_usb
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$dsp
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$eventfd
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$fb
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$hiddev
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$hidraw
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$midi
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$proc_mixer
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$ptp
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$qrtrtun
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$rfkill
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$sequencer
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$smackfs_access
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$smackfs_logging
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$smackfs_ptrace
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$snapshot
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$snddsp
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$sndhw
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$trusty
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$usbfs
write$MLX5_ALLOC_PD read$usbmon
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$FUSE
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$alg
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$char_usb
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$dsp
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$eventfd
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$fb
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$hiddev
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$hidraw
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$midi
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$proc_mixer
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$ptp
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$qrtrtun
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$rfkill
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$sequencer
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$smackfs_access
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$smackfs_logging
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$snapshot
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$snddsp
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$sndhw
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$trusty
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$usbfs
write$MLX5_CREATE_CQ read$usbmon
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$FUSE
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$alg
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$char_usb
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$dsp
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$eventfd
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$fb
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$hiddev
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$hidraw
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$midi
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$proc_mixer
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$ptp
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$qrtrtun
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$rfkill
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$sequencer
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$smackfs_access
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$smackfs_logging
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$smackfs_ptrace
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$snapshot
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$snddsp
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$sndhw
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$trusty
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$usbfs
write$MLX5_CREATE_DV_QP read$usbmon
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$FUSE
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$alg
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$char_usb
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$dsp
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$eventfd
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$fb
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$hiddev
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$hidraw
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$midi
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$proc_mixer
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$ptp
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$qrtrtun
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$rfkill
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$sequencer
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$smackfs_access
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$smackfs_logging
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$smackfs_ptrace
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$snapshot
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$snddsp
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$sndhw
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$trusty
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$usbfs
write$MLX5_CREATE_QP read$usbmon
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$FUSE
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$alg
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$char_usb
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$dsp
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$eventfd
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$fb
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$hiddev
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$hidraw
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$midi
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$proc_mixer
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$ptp
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$qrtrtun
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$rfkill
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$sequencer
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$smackfs_access
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$smackfs_logging
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$snapshot
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$snddsp
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$sndhw
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$trusty
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$usbfs
write$MLX5_CREATE_SRQ read$usbmon
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$FUSE
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$alg
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$char_usb
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$dsp
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$eventfd
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$fb
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$hiddev
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$hidraw
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$midi
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$proc_mixer
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$ptp
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$qrtrtun
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$rfkill
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$sequencer
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$smackfs_access
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$smackfs_logging
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$snapshot
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$snddsp
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$sndhw
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$trusty
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$usbfs
write$MLX5_CREATE_WQ read$usbmon
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$FUSE
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$alg
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$char_usb
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$dsp
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$eventfd
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$fb
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$hiddev
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$hidraw
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$midi
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$proc_mixer
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$ptp
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$qrtrtun
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$rfkill
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$sequencer
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$smackfs_access
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$smackfs_logging
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$snapshot
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$snddsp
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$sndhw
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$trusty
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$usbfs
write$MLX5_GET_CONTEXT read$usbmon
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$FUSE
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$alg
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$char_usb
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$dsp
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$eventfd
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$fb
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$hiddev
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$hidraw
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$midi
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$proc_mixer
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$ptp
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$qrtrtun
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$rfkill
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$sequencer
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$smackfs_access
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$smackfs_logging
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$snapshot
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$snddsp
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$sndhw
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$trusty
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$usbfs
write$MLX5_MODIFY_WQ read$usbmon
write$MODIFY_QP read
write$MODIFY_QP read$FUSE
write$MODIFY_QP read$alg
write$MODIFY_QP read$char_usb
write$MODIFY_QP read$dsp
write$MODIFY_QP read$eventfd
write$MODIFY_QP read$fb
write$MODIFY_QP read$hiddev
write$MODIFY_QP read$hidraw
write$MODIFY_QP read$midi
write$MODIFY_QP read$proc_mixer
write$MODIFY_QP read$ptp
write$MODIFY_QP read$qrtrtun
write$MODIFY_QP read$rfkill
write$MODIFY_QP read$sequencer
write$MODIFY_QP read$smackfs_access
write$MODIFY_QP read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$MODIFY_QP read$smackfs_logging
write$MODIFY_QP read$smackfs_ptrace
write$MODIFY_QP read$snapshot
write$MODIFY_QP read$snddsp
write$MODIFY_QP read$sndhw
write$MODIFY_QP read$trusty
write$MODIFY_QP read$usbfs
write$MODIFY_QP read$usbmon
write$MODIFY_SRQ read
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$FUSE
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$alg
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$char_usb
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$dsp
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$eventfd
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$fb
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$hiddev
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$hidraw
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$midi
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$proc_mixer
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$ptp
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$qrtrtun
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$rfkill
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$sequencer
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$smackfs_access
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$smackfs_logging
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$snapshot
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$snddsp
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$sndhw
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$trusty
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$usbfs
write$MODIFY_SRQ read$usbmon
write$OPEN_XRCD read
write$OPEN_XRCD read$FUSE
write$OPEN_XRCD read$alg
write$OPEN_XRCD read$char_usb
write$OPEN_XRCD read$dsp
write$OPEN_XRCD read$eventfd
write$OPEN_XRCD read$fb
write$OPEN_XRCD read$hiddev
write$OPEN_XRCD read$hidraw
write$OPEN_XRCD read$midi
write$OPEN_XRCD read$proc_mixer
write$OPEN_XRCD read$ptp
write$OPEN_XRCD read$qrtrtun
write$OPEN_XRCD read$rfkill
write$OPEN_XRCD read$sequencer
write$OPEN_XRCD read$smackfs_access
write$OPEN_XRCD read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$OPEN_XRCD read$smackfs_logging
write$OPEN_XRCD read$smackfs_ptrace
write$OPEN_XRCD read$snapshot
write$OPEN_XRCD read$snddsp
write$OPEN_XRCD read$sndhw
write$OPEN_XRCD read$trusty
write$OPEN_XRCD read$usbfs
write$OPEN_XRCD read$usbmon
write$P9_RATTACH read
write$P9_RATTACH read$FUSE
write$P9_RATTACH read$alg
write$P9_RATTACH read$char_usb
write$P9_RATTACH read$dsp
write$P9_RATTACH read$eventfd
write$P9_RATTACH read$fb
write$P9_RATTACH read$hiddev
write$P9_RATTACH read$hidraw
write$P9_RATTACH read$midi
write$P9_RATTACH read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RATTACH read$ptp
write$P9_RATTACH read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RATTACH read$rfkill
write$P9_RATTACH read$sequencer
write$P9_RATTACH read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RATTACH read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RATTACH read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RATTACH read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RATTACH read$snapshot
write$P9_RATTACH read$snddsp
write$P9_RATTACH read$sndhw
write$P9_RATTACH read$trusty
write$P9_RATTACH read$usbfs
write$P9_RATTACH read$usbmon
write$P9_RAUTH read
write$P9_RAUTH read$FUSE
write$P9_RAUTH read$alg
write$P9_RAUTH read$char_usb
write$P9_RAUTH read$dsp
write$P9_RAUTH read$eventfd
write$P9_RAUTH read$fb
write$P9_RAUTH read$hiddev
write$P9_RAUTH read$hidraw
write$P9_RAUTH read$midi
write$P9_RAUTH read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RAUTH read$ptp
write$P9_RAUTH read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RAUTH read$rfkill
write$P9_RAUTH read$sequencer
write$P9_RAUTH read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RAUTH read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RAUTH read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RAUTH read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RAUTH read$snapshot
write$P9_RAUTH read$snddsp
write$P9_RAUTH read$sndhw
write$P9_RAUTH read$trusty
write$P9_RAUTH read$usbfs
write$P9_RAUTH read$usbmon
write$P9_RCLUNK read
write$P9_RCLUNK read$FUSE
write$P9_RCLUNK read$alg
write$P9_RCLUNK read$char_usb
write$P9_RCLUNK read$dsp
write$P9_RCLUNK read$eventfd
write$P9_RCLUNK read$fb
write$P9_RCLUNK read$hiddev
write$P9_RCLUNK read$hidraw
write$P9_RCLUNK read$midi
write$P9_RCLUNK read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RCLUNK read$ptp
write$P9_RCLUNK read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RCLUNK read$rfkill
write$P9_RCLUNK read$sequencer
write$P9_RCLUNK read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RCLUNK read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RCLUNK read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RCLUNK read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RCLUNK read$snapshot
write$P9_RCLUNK read$snddsp
write$P9_RCLUNK read$sndhw
write$P9_RCLUNK read$trusty
write$P9_RCLUNK read$usbfs
write$P9_RCLUNK read$usbmon
write$P9_RCREATE read
write$P9_RCREATE read$FUSE
write$P9_RCREATE read$alg
write$P9_RCREATE read$char_usb
write$P9_RCREATE read$dsp
write$P9_RCREATE read$eventfd
write$P9_RCREATE read$fb
write$P9_RCREATE read$hiddev
write$P9_RCREATE read$hidraw
write$P9_RCREATE read$midi
write$P9_RCREATE read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RCREATE read$ptp
write$P9_RCREATE read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RCREATE read$rfkill
write$P9_RCREATE read$sequencer
write$P9_RCREATE read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RCREATE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RCREATE read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RCREATE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RCREATE read$snapshot
write$P9_RCREATE read$snddsp
write$P9_RCREATE read$sndhw
write$P9_RCREATE read$trusty
write$P9_RCREATE read$usbfs
write$P9_RCREATE read$usbmon
write$P9_RFLUSH read
write$P9_RFLUSH read$FUSE
write$P9_RFLUSH read$alg
write$P9_RFLUSH read$char_usb
write$P9_RFLUSH read$dsp
write$P9_RFLUSH read$eventfd
write$P9_RFLUSH read$fb
write$P9_RFLUSH read$hiddev
write$P9_RFLUSH read$hidraw
write$P9_RFLUSH read$midi
write$P9_RFLUSH read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RFLUSH read$ptp
write$P9_RFLUSH read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RFLUSH read$rfkill
write$P9_RFLUSH read$sequencer
write$P9_RFLUSH read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RFLUSH read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RFLUSH read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RFLUSH read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RFLUSH read$snapshot
write$P9_RFLUSH read$snddsp
write$P9_RFLUSH read$sndhw
write$P9_RFLUSH read$trusty
write$P9_RFLUSH read$usbfs
write$P9_RFLUSH read$usbmon
write$P9_RFSYNC read
write$P9_RFSYNC read$FUSE
write$P9_RFSYNC read$alg
write$P9_RFSYNC read$char_usb
write$P9_RFSYNC read$dsp
write$P9_RFSYNC read$eventfd
write$P9_RFSYNC read$fb
write$P9_RFSYNC read$hiddev
write$P9_RFSYNC read$hidraw
write$P9_RFSYNC read$midi
write$P9_RFSYNC read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RFSYNC read$ptp
write$P9_RFSYNC read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RFSYNC read$rfkill
write$P9_RFSYNC read$sequencer
write$P9_RFSYNC read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RFSYNC read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RFSYNC read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RFSYNC read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RFSYNC read$snapshot
write$P9_RFSYNC read$snddsp
write$P9_RFSYNC read$sndhw
write$P9_RFSYNC read$trusty
write$P9_RFSYNC read$usbfs
write$P9_RFSYNC read$usbmon
write$P9_RGETATTR read
write$P9_RGETATTR read$FUSE
write$P9_RGETATTR read$alg
write$P9_RGETATTR read$char_usb
write$P9_RGETATTR read$dsp
write$P9_RGETATTR read$eventfd
write$P9_RGETATTR read$fb
write$P9_RGETATTR read$hiddev
write$P9_RGETATTR read$hidraw
write$P9_RGETATTR read$midi
write$P9_RGETATTR read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RGETATTR read$ptp
write$P9_RGETATTR read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RGETATTR read$rfkill
write$P9_RGETATTR read$sequencer
write$P9_RGETATTR read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RGETATTR read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RGETATTR read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RGETATTR read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RGETATTR read$snapshot
write$P9_RGETATTR read$snddsp
write$P9_RGETATTR read$sndhw
write$P9_RGETATTR read$trusty
write$P9_RGETATTR read$usbfs
write$P9_RGETATTR read$usbmon
write$P9_RGETLOCK read
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$FUSE
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$alg
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$char_usb
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$dsp
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$eventfd
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$fb
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$hiddev
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$hidraw
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$midi
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$ptp
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$rfkill
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$sequencer
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$snapshot
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$snddsp
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$sndhw
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$trusty
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$usbfs
write$P9_RGETLOCK read$usbmon
write$P9_RLCREATE read
write$P9_RLCREATE read$FUSE
write$P9_RLCREATE read$alg
write$P9_RLCREATE read$char_usb
write$P9_RLCREATE read$dsp
write$P9_RLCREATE read$eventfd
write$P9_RLCREATE read$fb
write$P9_RLCREATE read$hiddev
write$P9_RLCREATE read$hidraw
write$P9_RLCREATE read$midi
write$P9_RLCREATE read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RLCREATE read$ptp
write$P9_RLCREATE read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RLCREATE read$rfkill
write$P9_RLCREATE read$sequencer
write$P9_RLCREATE read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RLCREATE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RLCREATE read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RLCREATE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RLCREATE read$snapshot
write$P9_RLCREATE read$snddsp
write$P9_RLCREATE read$sndhw
write$P9_RLCREATE read$trusty
write$P9_RLCREATE read$usbfs
write$P9_RLCREATE read$usbmon
write$P9_RLERROR read
write$P9_RLERROR read$FUSE
write$P9_RLERROR read$alg
write$P9_RLERROR read$char_usb
write$P9_RLERROR read$dsp
write$P9_RLERROR read$eventfd
write$P9_RLERROR read$fb
write$P9_RLERROR read$hiddev
write$P9_RLERROR read$hidraw
write$P9_RLERROR read$midi
write$P9_RLERROR read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RLERROR read$ptp
write$P9_RLERROR read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RLERROR read$rfkill
write$P9_RLERROR read$sequencer
write$P9_RLERROR read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RLERROR read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RLERROR read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RLERROR read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RLERROR read$snapshot
write$P9_RLERROR read$snddsp
write$P9_RLERROR read$sndhw
write$P9_RLERROR read$trusty
write$P9_RLERROR read$usbfs
write$P9_RLERROR read$usbmon
write$P9_RLERRORu read
write$P9_RLERRORu read$FUSE
write$P9_RLERRORu read$alg
write$P9_RLERRORu read$char_usb
write$P9_RLERRORu read$dsp
write$P9_RLERRORu read$eventfd
write$P9_RLERRORu read$fb
write$P9_RLERRORu read$hiddev
write$P9_RLERRORu read$hidraw
write$P9_RLERRORu read$midi
write$P9_RLERRORu read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RLERRORu read$ptp
write$P9_RLERRORu read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RLERRORu read$rfkill
write$P9_RLERRORu read$sequencer
write$P9_RLERRORu read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RLERRORu read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RLERRORu read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RLERRORu read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RLERRORu read$snapshot
write$P9_RLERRORu read$snddsp
write$P9_RLERRORu read$sndhw
write$P9_RLERRORu read$trusty
write$P9_RLERRORu read$usbfs
write$P9_RLERRORu read$usbmon
write$P9_RLINK read
write$P9_RLINK read$FUSE
write$P9_RLINK read$alg
write$P9_RLINK read$char_usb
write$P9_RLINK read$dsp
write$P9_RLINK read$eventfd
write$P9_RLINK read$fb
write$P9_RLINK read$hiddev
write$P9_RLINK read$hidraw
write$P9_RLINK read$midi
write$P9_RLINK read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RLINK read$ptp
write$P9_RLINK read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RLINK read$rfkill
write$P9_RLINK read$sequencer
write$P9_RLINK read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RLINK read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RLINK read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RLINK read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RLINK read$snapshot
write$P9_RLINK read$snddsp
write$P9_RLINK read$sndhw
write$P9_RLINK read$trusty
write$P9_RLINK read$usbfs
write$P9_RLINK read$usbmon
write$P9_RLOCK read
write$P9_RLOCK read$FUSE
write$P9_RLOCK read$alg
write$P9_RLOCK read$char_usb
write$P9_RLOCK read$dsp
write$P9_RLOCK read$eventfd
write$P9_RLOCK read$fb
write$P9_RLOCK read$hiddev
write$P9_RLOCK read$hidraw
write$P9_RLOCK read$midi
write$P9_RLOCK read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RLOCK read$ptp
write$P9_RLOCK read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RLOCK read$rfkill
write$P9_RLOCK read$sequencer
write$P9_RLOCK read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RLOCK read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RLOCK read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RLOCK read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RLOCK read$snapshot
write$P9_RLOCK read$snddsp
write$P9_RLOCK read$sndhw
write$P9_RLOCK read$trusty
write$P9_RLOCK read$usbfs
write$P9_RLOCK read$usbmon
write$P9_RLOPEN read
write$P9_RLOPEN read$FUSE
write$P9_RLOPEN read$alg
write$P9_RLOPEN read$char_usb
write$P9_RLOPEN read$dsp
write$P9_RLOPEN read$eventfd
write$P9_RLOPEN read$fb
write$P9_RLOPEN read$hiddev
write$P9_RLOPEN read$hidraw
write$P9_RLOPEN read$midi
write$P9_RLOPEN read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RLOPEN read$ptp
write$P9_RLOPEN read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RLOPEN read$rfkill
write$P9_RLOPEN read$sequencer
write$P9_RLOPEN read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RLOPEN read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RLOPEN read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RLOPEN read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RLOPEN read$snapshot
write$P9_RLOPEN read$snddsp
write$P9_RLOPEN read$sndhw
write$P9_RLOPEN read$trusty
write$P9_RLOPEN read$usbfs
write$P9_RLOPEN read$usbmon
write$P9_RMKDIR read
write$P9_RMKDIR read$FUSE
write$P9_RMKDIR read$alg
write$P9_RMKDIR read$char_usb
write$P9_RMKDIR read$dsp
write$P9_RMKDIR read$eventfd
write$P9_RMKDIR read$fb
write$P9_RMKDIR read$hiddev
write$P9_RMKDIR read$hidraw
write$P9_RMKDIR read$midi
write$P9_RMKDIR read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RMKDIR read$ptp
write$P9_RMKDIR read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RMKDIR read$rfkill
write$P9_RMKDIR read$sequencer
write$P9_RMKDIR read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RMKDIR read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RMKDIR read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RMKDIR read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RMKDIR read$snapshot
write$P9_RMKDIR read$snddsp
write$P9_RMKDIR read$sndhw
write$P9_RMKDIR read$trusty
write$P9_RMKDIR read$usbfs
write$P9_RMKDIR read$usbmon
write$P9_RMKNOD read
write$P9_RMKNOD read$FUSE
write$P9_RMKNOD read$alg
write$P9_RMKNOD read$char_usb
write$P9_RMKNOD read$dsp
write$P9_RMKNOD read$eventfd
write$P9_RMKNOD read$fb
write$P9_RMKNOD read$hiddev
write$P9_RMKNOD read$hidraw
write$P9_RMKNOD read$midi
write$P9_RMKNOD read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RMKNOD read$ptp
write$P9_RMKNOD read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RMKNOD read$rfkill
write$P9_RMKNOD read$sequencer
write$P9_RMKNOD read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RMKNOD read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RMKNOD read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RMKNOD read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RMKNOD read$snapshot
write$P9_RMKNOD read$snddsp
write$P9_RMKNOD read$sndhw
write$P9_RMKNOD read$trusty
write$P9_RMKNOD read$usbfs
write$P9_RMKNOD read$usbmon
write$P9_ROPEN read
write$P9_ROPEN read$FUSE
write$P9_ROPEN read$alg
write$P9_ROPEN read$char_usb
write$P9_ROPEN read$dsp
write$P9_ROPEN read$eventfd
write$P9_ROPEN read$fb
write$P9_ROPEN read$hiddev
write$P9_ROPEN read$hidraw
write$P9_ROPEN read$midi
write$P9_ROPEN read$proc_mixer
write$P9_ROPEN read$ptp
write$P9_ROPEN read$qrtrtun
write$P9_ROPEN read$rfkill
write$P9_ROPEN read$sequencer
write$P9_ROPEN read$smackfs_access
write$P9_ROPEN read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_ROPEN read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_ROPEN read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_ROPEN read$snapshot
write$P9_ROPEN read$snddsp
write$P9_ROPEN read$sndhw
write$P9_ROPEN read$trusty
write$P9_ROPEN read$usbfs
write$P9_ROPEN read$usbmon
write$P9_RREAD read
write$P9_RREAD read$FUSE
write$P9_RREAD read$alg
write$P9_RREAD read$char_usb
write$P9_RREAD read$dsp
write$P9_RREAD read$eventfd
write$P9_RREAD read$fb
write$P9_RREAD read$hiddev
write$P9_RREAD read$hidraw
write$P9_RREAD read$midi
write$P9_RREAD read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RREAD read$ptp
write$P9_RREAD read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RREAD read$rfkill
write$P9_RREAD read$sequencer
write$P9_RREAD read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RREAD read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RREAD read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RREAD read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RREAD read$snapshot
write$P9_RREAD read$snddsp
write$P9_RREAD read$sndhw
write$P9_RREAD read$trusty
write$P9_RREAD read$usbfs
write$P9_RREAD read$usbmon
write$P9_RREADDIR read
write$P9_RREADDIR read$FUSE
write$P9_RREADDIR read$alg
write$P9_RREADDIR read$char_usb
write$P9_RREADDIR read$dsp
write$P9_RREADDIR read$eventfd
write$P9_RREADDIR read$fb
write$P9_RREADDIR read$hiddev
write$P9_RREADDIR read$hidraw
write$P9_RREADDIR read$midi
write$P9_RREADDIR read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RREADDIR read$ptp
write$P9_RREADDIR read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RREADDIR read$rfkill
write$P9_RREADDIR read$sequencer
write$P9_RREADDIR read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RREADDIR read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RREADDIR read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RREADDIR read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RREADDIR read$snapshot
write$P9_RREADDIR read$snddsp
write$P9_RREADDIR read$sndhw
write$P9_RREADDIR read$trusty
write$P9_RREADDIR read$usbfs
write$P9_RREADDIR read$usbmon
write$P9_RREADLINK read
write$P9_RREADLINK read$FUSE
write$P9_RREADLINK read$alg
write$P9_RREADLINK read$char_usb
write$P9_RREADLINK read$dsp
write$P9_RREADLINK read$eventfd
write$P9_RREADLINK read$fb
write$P9_RREADLINK read$hiddev
write$P9_RREADLINK read$hidraw
write$P9_RREADLINK read$midi
write$P9_RREADLINK read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RREADLINK read$ptp
write$P9_RREADLINK read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RREADLINK read$rfkill
write$P9_RREADLINK read$sequencer
write$P9_RREADLINK read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RREADLINK read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RREADLINK read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RREADLINK read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RREADLINK read$snapshot
write$P9_RREADLINK read$snddsp
write$P9_RREADLINK read$sndhw
write$P9_RREADLINK read$trusty
write$P9_RREADLINK read$usbfs
write$P9_RREADLINK read$usbmon
write$P9_RREMOVE read
write$P9_RREMOVE read$FUSE
write$P9_RREMOVE read$alg
write$P9_RREMOVE read$char_usb
write$P9_RREMOVE read$dsp
write$P9_RREMOVE read$eventfd
write$P9_RREMOVE read$fb
write$P9_RREMOVE read$hiddev
write$P9_RREMOVE read$hidraw
write$P9_RREMOVE read$midi
write$P9_RREMOVE read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RREMOVE read$ptp
write$P9_RREMOVE read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RREMOVE read$rfkill
write$P9_RREMOVE read$sequencer
write$P9_RREMOVE read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RREMOVE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RREMOVE read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RREMOVE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RREMOVE read$snapshot
write$P9_RREMOVE read$snddsp
write$P9_RREMOVE read$sndhw
write$P9_RREMOVE read$trusty
write$P9_RREMOVE read$usbfs
write$P9_RREMOVE read$usbmon
write$P9_RRENAME read
write$P9_RRENAME read$FUSE
write$P9_RRENAME read$alg
write$P9_RRENAME read$char_usb
write$P9_RRENAME read$dsp
write$P9_RRENAME read$eventfd
write$P9_RRENAME read$fb
write$P9_RRENAME read$hiddev
write$P9_RRENAME read$hidraw
write$P9_RRENAME read$midi
write$P9_RRENAME read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RRENAME read$ptp
write$P9_RRENAME read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RRENAME read$rfkill
write$P9_RRENAME read$sequencer
write$P9_RRENAME read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RRENAME read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RRENAME read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RRENAME read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RRENAME read$snapshot
write$P9_RRENAME read$snddsp
write$P9_RRENAME read$sndhw
write$P9_RRENAME read$trusty
write$P9_RRENAME read$usbfs
write$P9_RRENAME read$usbmon
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$FUSE
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$alg
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$char_usb
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$dsp
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$eventfd
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$fb
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$hiddev
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$hidraw
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$midi
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$ptp
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$rfkill
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$sequencer
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$snapshot
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$snddsp
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$sndhw
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$trusty
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$usbfs
write$P9_RRENAMEAT read$usbmon
write$P9_RSETATTR read
write$P9_RSETATTR read$FUSE
write$P9_RSETATTR read$alg
write$P9_RSETATTR read$char_usb
write$P9_RSETATTR read$dsp
write$P9_RSETATTR read$eventfd
write$P9_RSETATTR read$fb
write$P9_RSETATTR read$hiddev
write$P9_RSETATTR read$hidraw
write$P9_RSETATTR read$midi
write$P9_RSETATTR read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RSETATTR read$ptp
write$P9_RSETATTR read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RSETATTR read$rfkill
write$P9_RSETATTR read$sequencer
write$P9_RSETATTR read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RSETATTR read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RSETATTR read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RSETATTR read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RSETATTR read$snapshot
write$P9_RSETATTR read$snddsp
write$P9_RSETATTR read$sndhw
write$P9_RSETATTR read$trusty
write$P9_RSETATTR read$usbfs
write$P9_RSETATTR read$usbmon
write$P9_RSTAT read
write$P9_RSTAT read$FUSE
write$P9_RSTAT read$alg
write$P9_RSTAT read$char_usb
write$P9_RSTAT read$dsp
write$P9_RSTAT read$eventfd
write$P9_RSTAT read$fb
write$P9_RSTAT read$hiddev
write$P9_RSTAT read$hidraw
write$P9_RSTAT read$midi
write$P9_RSTAT read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RSTAT read$ptp
write$P9_RSTAT read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RSTAT read$rfkill
write$P9_RSTAT read$sequencer
write$P9_RSTAT read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RSTAT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RSTAT read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RSTAT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RSTAT read$snapshot
write$P9_RSTAT read$snddsp
write$P9_RSTAT read$sndhw
write$P9_RSTAT read$trusty
write$P9_RSTAT read$usbfs
write$P9_RSTAT read$usbmon
write$P9_RSTATFS read
write$P9_RSTATFS read$FUSE
write$P9_RSTATFS read$alg
write$P9_RSTATFS read$char_usb
write$P9_RSTATFS read$dsp
write$P9_RSTATFS read$eventfd
write$P9_RSTATFS read$fb
write$P9_RSTATFS read$hiddev
write$P9_RSTATFS read$hidraw
write$P9_RSTATFS read$midi
write$P9_RSTATFS read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RSTATFS read$ptp
write$P9_RSTATFS read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RSTATFS read$rfkill
write$P9_RSTATFS read$sequencer
write$P9_RSTATFS read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RSTATFS read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RSTATFS read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RSTATFS read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RSTATFS read$snapshot
write$P9_RSTATFS read$snddsp
write$P9_RSTATFS read$sndhw
write$P9_RSTATFS read$trusty
write$P9_RSTATFS read$usbfs
write$P9_RSTATFS read$usbmon
write$P9_RSTATu read
write$P9_RSTATu read$FUSE
write$P9_RSTATu read$alg
write$P9_RSTATu read$char_usb
write$P9_RSTATu read$dsp
write$P9_RSTATu read$eventfd
write$P9_RSTATu read$fb
write$P9_RSTATu read$hiddev
write$P9_RSTATu read$hidraw
write$P9_RSTATu read$midi
write$P9_RSTATu read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RSTATu read$ptp
write$P9_RSTATu read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RSTATu read$rfkill
write$P9_RSTATu read$sequencer
write$P9_RSTATu read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RSTATu read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RSTATu read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RSTATu read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RSTATu read$snapshot
write$P9_RSTATu read$snddsp
write$P9_RSTATu read$sndhw
write$P9_RSTATu read$trusty
write$P9_RSTATu read$usbfs
write$P9_RSTATu read$usbmon
write$P9_RSYMLINK read
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$FUSE
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$alg
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$char_usb
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$dsp
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$eventfd
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$fb
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$hiddev
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$hidraw
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$midi
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$ptp
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$rfkill
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$sequencer
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$snapshot
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$snddsp
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$sndhw
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$trusty
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$usbfs
write$P9_RSYMLINK read$usbmon
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$FUSE
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$alg
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$char_usb
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$dsp
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$eventfd
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$fb
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$hiddev
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$hidraw
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$midi
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$ptp
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$rfkill
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$sequencer
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$snapshot
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$snddsp
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$sndhw
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$trusty
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$usbfs
write$P9_RUNLINKAT read$usbmon
write$P9_RVERSION read
write$P9_RVERSION read$FUSE
write$P9_RVERSION read$alg
write$P9_RVERSION read$char_usb
write$P9_RVERSION read$dsp
write$P9_RVERSION read$eventfd
write$P9_RVERSION read$fb
write$P9_RVERSION read$hiddev
write$P9_RVERSION read$hidraw
write$P9_RVERSION read$midi
write$P9_RVERSION read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RVERSION read$ptp
write$P9_RVERSION read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RVERSION read$rfkill
write$P9_RVERSION read$sequencer
write$P9_RVERSION read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RVERSION read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RVERSION read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RVERSION read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RVERSION read$snapshot
write$P9_RVERSION read$snddsp
write$P9_RVERSION read$sndhw
write$P9_RVERSION read$trusty
write$P9_RVERSION read$usbfs
write$P9_RVERSION read$usbmon
write$P9_RWALK read
write$P9_RWALK read$FUSE
write$P9_RWALK read$alg
write$P9_RWALK read$char_usb
write$P9_RWALK read$dsp
write$P9_RWALK read$eventfd
write$P9_RWALK read$fb
write$P9_RWALK read$hiddev
write$P9_RWALK read$hidraw
write$P9_RWALK read$midi
write$P9_RWALK read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RWALK read$ptp
write$P9_RWALK read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RWALK read$rfkill
write$P9_RWALK read$sequencer
write$P9_RWALK read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RWALK read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RWALK read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RWALK read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RWALK read$snapshot
write$P9_RWALK read$snddsp
write$P9_RWALK read$sndhw
write$P9_RWALK read$trusty
write$P9_RWALK read$usbfs
write$P9_RWALK read$usbmon
write$P9_RWRITE read
write$P9_RWRITE read$FUSE
write$P9_RWRITE read$alg
write$P9_RWRITE read$char_usb
write$P9_RWRITE read$dsp
write$P9_RWRITE read$eventfd
write$P9_RWRITE read$fb
write$P9_RWRITE read$hiddev
write$P9_RWRITE read$hidraw
write$P9_RWRITE read$midi
write$P9_RWRITE read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RWRITE read$ptp
write$P9_RWRITE read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RWRITE read$rfkill
write$P9_RWRITE read$sequencer
write$P9_RWRITE read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RWRITE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RWRITE read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RWRITE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RWRITE read$snapshot
write$P9_RWRITE read$snddsp
write$P9_RWRITE read$sndhw
write$P9_RWRITE read$trusty
write$P9_RWRITE read$usbfs
write$P9_RWRITE read$usbmon
write$P9_RWSTAT read
write$P9_RWSTAT read$FUSE
write$P9_RWSTAT read$alg
write$P9_RWSTAT read$char_usb
write$P9_RWSTAT read$dsp
write$P9_RWSTAT read$eventfd
write$P9_RWSTAT read$fb
write$P9_RWSTAT read$hiddev
write$P9_RWSTAT read$hidraw
write$P9_RWSTAT read$midi
write$P9_RWSTAT read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RWSTAT read$ptp
write$P9_RWSTAT read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RWSTAT read$rfkill
write$P9_RWSTAT read$sequencer
write$P9_RWSTAT read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RWSTAT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RWSTAT read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RWSTAT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RWSTAT read$snapshot
write$P9_RWSTAT read$snddsp
write$P9_RWSTAT read$sndhw
write$P9_RWSTAT read$trusty
write$P9_RWSTAT read$usbfs
write$P9_RWSTAT read$usbmon
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$FUSE
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$alg
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$char_usb
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$dsp
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$eventfd
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$fb
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$hiddev
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$hidraw
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$midi
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$ptp
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$rfkill
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$sequencer
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$snapshot
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$snddsp
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$sndhw
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$trusty
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$usbfs
write$P9_RXATTRCREATE read$usbmon
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$FUSE
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$alg
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$char_usb
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$dsp
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$eventfd
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$fb
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$hiddev
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$hidraw
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$midi
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$proc_mixer
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$ptp
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$qrtrtun
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$rfkill
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$sequencer
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$smackfs_access
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$smackfs_logging
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$smackfs_ptrace
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$snapshot
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$snddsp
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$sndhw
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$trusty
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$usbfs
write$P9_RXATTRWALK read$usbmon
write$POLL_CQ read
write$POLL_CQ read$FUSE
write$POLL_CQ read$alg
write$POLL_CQ read$char_usb
write$POLL_CQ read$dsp
write$POLL_CQ read$eventfd
write$POLL_CQ read$fb
write$POLL_CQ read$hiddev
write$POLL_CQ read$hidraw
write$POLL_CQ read$midi
write$POLL_CQ read$proc_mixer
write$POLL_CQ read$ptp
write$POLL_CQ read$qrtrtun
write$POLL_CQ read$rfkill
write$POLL_CQ read$sequencer
write$POLL_CQ read$smackfs_access
write$POLL_CQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$POLL_CQ read$smackfs_logging
write$POLL_CQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$POLL_CQ read$snapshot
write$POLL_CQ read$snddsp
write$POLL_CQ read$sndhw
write$POLL_CQ read$trusty
write$POLL_CQ read$usbfs
write$POLL_CQ read$usbmon
write$POST_RECV read
write$POST_RECV read$FUSE
write$POST_RECV read$alg
write$POST_RECV read$char_usb
write$POST_RECV read$dsp
write$POST_RECV read$eventfd
write$POST_RECV read$fb
write$POST_RECV read$hiddev
write$POST_RECV read$hidraw
write$POST_RECV read$midi
write$POST_RECV read$proc_mixer
write$POST_RECV read$ptp
write$POST_RECV read$qrtrtun
write$POST_RECV read$rfkill
write$POST_RECV read$sequencer
write$POST_RECV read$smackfs_access
write$POST_RECV read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$POST_RECV read$smackfs_logging
write$POST_RECV read$smackfs_ptrace
write$POST_RECV read$snapshot
write$POST_RECV read$snddsp
write$POST_RECV read$sndhw
write$POST_RECV read$trusty
write$POST_RECV read$usbfs
write$POST_RECV read$usbmon
write$POST_SEND read
write$POST_SEND read$FUSE
write$POST_SEND read$alg
write$POST_SEND read$char_usb
write$POST_SEND read$dsp
write$POST_SEND read$eventfd
write$POST_SEND read$fb
write$POST_SEND read$hiddev
write$POST_SEND read$hidraw
write$POST_SEND read$midi
write$POST_SEND read$proc_mixer
write$POST_SEND read$ptp
write$POST_SEND read$qrtrtun
write$POST_SEND read$rfkill
write$POST_SEND read$sequencer
write$POST_SEND read$smackfs_access
write$POST_SEND read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$POST_SEND read$smackfs_logging
write$POST_SEND read$smackfs_ptrace
write$POST_SEND read$snapshot
write$POST_SEND read$snddsp
write$POST_SEND read$sndhw
write$POST_SEND read$trusty
write$POST_SEND read$usbfs
write$POST_SEND read$usbmon
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$FUSE
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$alg
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$char_usb
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$dsp
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$eventfd
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$fb
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$hiddev
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$hidraw
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$midi
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$proc_mixer
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$ptp
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$qrtrtun
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$rfkill
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$sequencer
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$smackfs_access
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$smackfs_logging
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$smackfs_ptrace
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$snapshot
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$snddsp
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$sndhw
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$trusty
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$usbfs
write$POST_SRQ_RECV read$usbmon
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$FUSE
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$alg
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$char_usb
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$dsp
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$eventfd
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$fb
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$hiddev
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$hidraw
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$midi
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$proc_mixer
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$ptp
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$qrtrtun
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$rfkill
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$sequencer
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$smackfs_access
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$smackfs_logging
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$smackfs_ptrace
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$snapshot
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$snddsp
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$sndhw
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$trusty
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$usbfs
write$QUERY_DEVICE_EX read$usbmon
write$QUERY_PORT read
write$QUERY_PORT read$FUSE
write$QUERY_PORT read$alg
write$QUERY_PORT read$char_usb
write$QUERY_PORT read$dsp
write$QUERY_PORT read$eventfd
write$QUERY_PORT read$fb
write$QUERY_PORT read$hiddev
write$QUERY_PORT read$hidraw
write$QUERY_PORT read$midi
write$QUERY_PORT read$proc_mixer
write$QUERY_PORT read$ptp
write$QUERY_PORT read$qrtrtun
write$QUERY_PORT read$rfkill
write$QUERY_PORT read$sequencer
write$QUERY_PORT read$smackfs_access
write$QUERY_PORT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$QUERY_PORT read$smackfs_logging
write$QUERY_PORT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$QUERY_PORT read$snapshot
write$QUERY_PORT read$snddsp
write$QUERY_PORT read$sndhw
write$QUERY_PORT read$trusty
write$QUERY_PORT read$usbfs
write$QUERY_PORT read$usbmon
write$QUERY_QP read
write$QUERY_QP read$FUSE
write$QUERY_QP read$alg
write$QUERY_QP read$char_usb
write$QUERY_QP read$dsp
write$QUERY_QP read$eventfd
write$QUERY_QP read$fb
write$QUERY_QP read$hiddev
write$QUERY_QP read$hidraw
write$QUERY_QP read$midi
write$QUERY_QP read$proc_mixer
write$QUERY_QP read$ptp
write$QUERY_QP read$qrtrtun
write$QUERY_QP read$rfkill
write$QUERY_QP read$sequencer
write$QUERY_QP read$smackfs_access
write$QUERY_QP read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$QUERY_QP read$smackfs_logging
write$QUERY_QP read$smackfs_ptrace
write$QUERY_QP read$snapshot
write$QUERY_QP read$snddsp
write$QUERY_QP read$sndhw
write$QUERY_QP read$trusty
write$QUERY_QP read$usbfs
write$QUERY_QP read$usbmon
write$QUERY_SRQ read
write$QUERY_SRQ read$FUSE
write$QUERY_SRQ read$alg
write$QUERY_SRQ read$char_usb
write$QUERY_SRQ read$dsp
write$QUERY_SRQ read$eventfd
write$QUERY_SRQ read$fb
write$QUERY_SRQ read$hiddev
write$QUERY_SRQ read$hidraw
write$QUERY_SRQ read$midi
write$QUERY_SRQ read$proc_mixer
write$QUERY_SRQ read$ptp
write$QUERY_SRQ read$qrtrtun
write$QUERY_SRQ read$rfkill
write$QUERY_SRQ read$sequencer
write$QUERY_SRQ read$smackfs_access
write$QUERY_SRQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$QUERY_SRQ read$smackfs_logging
write$QUERY_SRQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$QUERY_SRQ read$snapshot
write$QUERY_SRQ read$snddsp
write$QUERY_SRQ read$sndhw
write$QUERY_SRQ read$trusty
write$QUERY_SRQ read$usbfs
write$QUERY_SRQ read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_ACCEPT read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_BIND_IP read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CONNECT read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_CREATE_ID read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DESTROY_ID read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_DISCONNECT read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_GET_EVENT read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_INIT_QP_ATTR read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_IP_MCAST read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_JOIN_MCAST read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LEAVE_MCAST read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_LISTEN read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_MIGRATE_ID read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_NOTIFY read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_QUERY_ROUTE read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_REJECT read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ADDR read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_IP read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_RESOLVE_ROUTE read$usbmon
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$FUSE
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$alg
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$char_usb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$dsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$eventfd
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$fb
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$hiddev
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$hidraw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$midi
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$proc_mixer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$ptp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$qrtrtun
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$rfkill
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$sequencer
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$smackfs_access
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$smackfs_logging
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$snapshot
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$snddsp
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$sndhw
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$trusty
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$usbfs
write$RDMA_USER_CM_CMD_SET_OPTION read$usbmon
write$REG_MR read
write$REG_MR read$FUSE
write$REG_MR read$alg
write$REG_MR read$char_usb
write$REG_MR read$dsp
write$REG_MR read$eventfd
write$REG_MR read$fb
write$REG_MR read$hiddev
write$REG_MR read$hidraw
write$REG_MR read$midi
write$REG_MR read$proc_mixer
write$REG_MR read$ptp
write$REG_MR read$qrtrtun
write$REG_MR read$rfkill
write$REG_MR read$sequencer
write$REG_MR read$smackfs_access
write$REG_MR read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$REG_MR read$smackfs_logging
write$REG_MR read$smackfs_ptrace
write$REG_MR read$snapshot
write$REG_MR read$snddsp
write$REG_MR read$sndhw
write$REG_MR read$trusty
write$REG_MR read$usbfs
write$REG_MR read$usbmon
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$FUSE
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$alg
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$char_usb
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$dsp
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$eventfd
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$fb
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$hiddev
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$hidraw
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$midi
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$proc_mixer
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$ptp
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$qrtrtun
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$rfkill
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$sequencer
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$smackfs_access
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$smackfs_logging
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$snapshot
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$snddsp
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$sndhw
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$trusty
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$usbfs
write$REQ_NOTIFY_CQ read$usbmon
write$REREG_MR read
write$REREG_MR read$FUSE
write$REREG_MR read$alg
write$REREG_MR read$char_usb
write$REREG_MR read$dsp
write$REREG_MR read$eventfd
write$REREG_MR read$fb
write$REREG_MR read$hiddev
write$REREG_MR read$hidraw
write$REREG_MR read$midi
write$REREG_MR read$proc_mixer
write$REREG_MR read$ptp
write$REREG_MR read$qrtrtun
write$REREG_MR read$rfkill
write$REREG_MR read$sequencer
write$REREG_MR read$smackfs_access
write$REREG_MR read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$REREG_MR read$smackfs_logging
write$REREG_MR read$smackfs_ptrace
write$REREG_MR read$snapshot
write$REREG_MR read$snddsp
write$REREG_MR read$sndhw
write$REREG_MR read$trusty
write$REREG_MR read$usbfs
write$REREG_MR read$usbmon
write$RESIZE_CQ read
write$RESIZE_CQ read$FUSE
write$RESIZE_CQ read$alg
write$RESIZE_CQ read$char_usb
write$RESIZE_CQ read$dsp
write$RESIZE_CQ read$eventfd
write$RESIZE_CQ read$fb
write$RESIZE_CQ read$hiddev
write$RESIZE_CQ read$hidraw
write$RESIZE_CQ read$midi
write$RESIZE_CQ read$proc_mixer
write$RESIZE_CQ read$ptp
write$RESIZE_CQ read$qrtrtun
write$RESIZE_CQ read$rfkill
write$RESIZE_CQ read$sequencer
write$RESIZE_CQ read$smackfs_access
write$RESIZE_CQ read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$RESIZE_CQ read$smackfs_logging
write$RESIZE_CQ read$smackfs_ptrace
write$RESIZE_CQ read$snapshot
write$RESIZE_CQ read$snddsp
write$RESIZE_CQ read$sndhw
write$RESIZE_CQ read$trusty
write$RESIZE_CQ read$usbfs
write$RESIZE_CQ read$usbmon
write$UHID_CREATE read
write$UHID_CREATE read$FUSE
write$UHID_CREATE read$alg
write$UHID_CREATE read$char_usb
write$UHID_CREATE read$dsp
write$UHID_CREATE read$eventfd
write$UHID_CREATE read$fb
write$UHID_CREATE read$hiddev
write$UHID_CREATE read$hidraw
write$UHID_CREATE read$midi
write$UHID_CREATE read$proc_mixer
write$UHID_CREATE read$ptp
write$UHID_CREATE read$qrtrtun
write$UHID_CREATE read$rfkill
write$UHID_CREATE read$sequencer
write$UHID_CREATE read$smackfs_access
write$UHID_CREATE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$UHID_CREATE read$smackfs_logging
write$UHID_CREATE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$UHID_CREATE read$snapshot
write$UHID_CREATE read$snddsp
write$UHID_CREATE read$sndhw
write$UHID_CREATE read$trusty
write$UHID_CREATE read$usbfs
write$UHID_CREATE read$usbmon
write$UHID_CREATE2 read
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$FUSE
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$alg
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$char_usb
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$dsp
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$eventfd
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$fb
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$hiddev
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$hidraw
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$midi
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$proc_mixer
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$ptp
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$qrtrtun
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$rfkill
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$sequencer
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$smackfs_access
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$smackfs_logging
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$smackfs_ptrace
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$snapshot
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$snddsp
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$sndhw
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$trusty
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$usbfs
write$UHID_CREATE2 read$usbmon
write$UHID_DESTROY read
write$UHID_DESTROY read$FUSE
write$UHID_DESTROY read$alg
write$UHID_DESTROY read$char_usb
write$UHID_DESTROY read$dsp
write$UHID_DESTROY read$eventfd
write$UHID_DESTROY read$fb
write$UHID_DESTROY read$hiddev
write$UHID_DESTROY read$hidraw
write$UHID_DESTROY read$midi
write$UHID_DESTROY read$proc_mixer
write$UHID_DESTROY read$ptp
write$UHID_DESTROY read$qrtrtun
write$UHID_DESTROY read$rfkill
write$UHID_DESTROY read$sequencer
write$UHID_DESTROY read$smackfs_access
write$UHID_DESTROY read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$UHID_DESTROY read$smackfs_logging
write$UHID_DESTROY read$smackfs_ptrace
write$UHID_DESTROY read$snapshot
write$UHID_DESTROY read$snddsp
write$UHID_DESTROY read$sndhw
write$UHID_DESTROY read$trusty
write$UHID_DESTROY read$usbfs
write$UHID_DESTROY read$usbmon
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$FUSE
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$alg
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$char_usb
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$dsp
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$eventfd
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$fb
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$hiddev
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$hidraw
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$midi
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$proc_mixer
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$ptp
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$qrtrtun
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$rfkill
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$sequencer
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$smackfs_access
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$smackfs_logging
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$smackfs_ptrace
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$snapshot
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$snddsp
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$sndhw
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$trusty
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$usbfs
write$UHID_GET_REPORT_REPLY read$usbmon
write$UHID_INPUT read
write$UHID_INPUT read$FUSE
write$UHID_INPUT read$alg
write$UHID_INPUT read$char_usb
write$UHID_INPUT read$dsp
write$UHID_INPUT read$eventfd
write$UHID_INPUT read$fb
write$UHID_INPUT read$hiddev
write$UHID_INPUT read$hidraw
write$UHID_INPUT read$midi
write$UHID_INPUT read$proc_mixer
write$UHID_INPUT read$ptp
write$UHID_INPUT read$qrtrtun
write$UHID_INPUT read$rfkill
write$UHID_INPUT read$sequencer
write$UHID_INPUT read$smackfs_access
write$UHID_INPUT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$UHID_INPUT read$smackfs_logging
write$UHID_INPUT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$UHID_INPUT read$snapshot
write$UHID_INPUT read$snddsp
write$UHID_INPUT read$sndhw
write$UHID_INPUT read$trusty
write$UHID_INPUT read$usbfs
write$UHID_INPUT read$usbmon
write$UHID_INPUT2 read
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$FUSE
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$alg
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$char_usb
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$dsp
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$eventfd
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$fb
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$hiddev
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$hidraw
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$midi
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$proc_mixer
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$ptp
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$qrtrtun
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$rfkill
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$sequencer
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$smackfs_access
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$smackfs_logging
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$smackfs_ptrace
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$snapshot
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$snddsp
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$sndhw
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$trusty
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$usbfs
write$UHID_INPUT2 read$usbmon
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$FUSE
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$alg
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$char_usb
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$dsp
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$eventfd
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$fb
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$hiddev
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$hidraw
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$midi
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$proc_mixer
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$ptp
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$qrtrtun
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$rfkill
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$sequencer
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$smackfs_access
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$smackfs_logging
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$smackfs_ptrace
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$snapshot
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$snddsp
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$sndhw
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$trusty
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$usbfs
write$UHID_SET_REPORT_REPLY read$usbmon
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$FUSE
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$alg
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$char_usb
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$dsp
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$eventfd
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$fb
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$hiddev
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$hidraw
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$midi
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$proc_mixer
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$ptp
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$qrtrtun
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$rfkill
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$sequencer
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$smackfs_access
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$smackfs_logging
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$smackfs_ptrace
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$snapshot
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$snddsp
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$sndhw
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$trusty
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$usbfs
write$USERIO_CMD_REGISTER read$usbmon
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$FUSE
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$alg
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$char_usb
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$dsp
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$eventfd
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$fb
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$hiddev
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$hidraw
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$midi
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$proc_mixer
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$ptp
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$qrtrtun
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$rfkill
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$sequencer
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$smackfs_access
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$smackfs_logging
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$smackfs_ptrace
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$snapshot
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$snddsp
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$sndhw
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$trusty
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$usbfs
write$USERIO_CMD_SEND_INTERRUPT read$usbmon
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$FUSE
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$alg
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$char_usb
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$dsp
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$eventfd
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$fb
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$hiddev
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$hidraw
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$midi
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$proc_mixer
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$ptp
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$qrtrtun
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$rfkill
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$sequencer
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$smackfs_access
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$smackfs_logging
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$smackfs_ptrace
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$snapshot
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$snddsp
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$sndhw
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$trusty
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$usbfs
write$USERIO_CMD_SET_PORT_TYPE read$usbmon
write$apparmor_current read
write$apparmor_current read$FUSE
write$apparmor_current read$alg
write$apparmor_current read$char_usb
write$apparmor_current read$dsp
write$apparmor_current read$eventfd
write$apparmor_current read$fb
write$apparmor_current read$hiddev
write$apparmor_current read$hidraw
write$apparmor_current read$midi
write$apparmor_current read$proc_mixer
write$apparmor_current read$ptp
write$apparmor_current read$qrtrtun
write$apparmor_current read$rfkill
write$apparmor_current read$sequencer
write$apparmor_current read$smackfs_access
write$apparmor_current read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$apparmor_current read$smackfs_logging
write$apparmor_current read$smackfs_ptrace
write$apparmor_current read$snapshot
write$apparmor_current read$snddsp
write$apparmor_current read$sndhw
write$apparmor_current read$trusty
write$apparmor_current read$usbfs
write$apparmor_current read$usbmon
write$apparmor_exec read
write$apparmor_exec read$FUSE
write$apparmor_exec read$alg
write$apparmor_exec read$char_usb
write$apparmor_exec read$dsp
write$apparmor_exec read$eventfd
write$apparmor_exec read$fb
write$apparmor_exec read$hiddev
write$apparmor_exec read$hidraw
write$apparmor_exec read$midi
write$apparmor_exec read$proc_mixer
write$apparmor_exec read$ptp
write$apparmor_exec read$qrtrtun
write$apparmor_exec read$rfkill
write$apparmor_exec read$sequencer
write$apparmor_exec read$smackfs_access
write$apparmor_exec read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$apparmor_exec read$smackfs_logging
write$apparmor_exec read$smackfs_ptrace
write$apparmor_exec read$snapshot
write$apparmor_exec read$snddsp
write$apparmor_exec read$sndhw
write$apparmor_exec read$trusty
write$apparmor_exec read$usbfs
write$apparmor_exec read$usbmon
write$binfmt_aout read
write$binfmt_aout read$FUSE
write$binfmt_aout read$alg
write$binfmt_aout read$char_usb
write$binfmt_aout read$dsp
write$binfmt_aout read$eventfd
write$binfmt_aout read$fb
write$binfmt_aout read$hiddev
write$binfmt_aout read$hidraw
write$binfmt_aout read$midi
write$binfmt_aout read$proc_mixer
write$binfmt_aout read$ptp
write$binfmt_aout read$qrtrtun
write$binfmt_aout read$rfkill
write$binfmt_aout read$sequencer
write$binfmt_aout read$smackfs_access
write$binfmt_aout read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$binfmt_aout read$smackfs_logging
write$binfmt_aout read$smackfs_ptrace
write$binfmt_aout read$snapshot
write$binfmt_aout read$snddsp
write$binfmt_aout read$sndhw
write$binfmt_aout read$trusty
write$binfmt_aout read$usbfs
write$binfmt_aout read$usbmon
write$binfmt_elf32 read
write$binfmt_elf32 read$FUSE
write$binfmt_elf32 read$alg
write$binfmt_elf32 read$char_usb
write$binfmt_elf32 read$dsp
write$binfmt_elf32 read$eventfd
write$binfmt_elf32 read$fb
write$binfmt_elf32 read$hiddev
write$binfmt_elf32 read$hidraw
write$binfmt_elf32 read$midi
write$binfmt_elf32 read$proc_mixer
write$binfmt_elf32 read$ptp
write$binfmt_elf32 read$qrtrtun
write$binfmt_elf32 read$rfkill
write$binfmt_elf32 read$sequencer
write$binfmt_elf32 read$smackfs_access
write$binfmt_elf32 read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$binfmt_elf32 read$smackfs_logging
write$binfmt_elf32 read$smackfs_ptrace
write$binfmt_elf32 read$snapshot
write$binfmt_elf32 read$snddsp
write$binfmt_elf32 read$sndhw
write$binfmt_elf32 read$trusty
write$binfmt_elf32 read$usbfs
write$binfmt_elf32 read$usbmon
write$binfmt_elf64 read
write$binfmt_elf64 read$FUSE
write$binfmt_elf64 read$alg
write$binfmt_elf64 read$char_usb
write$binfmt_elf64 read$dsp
write$binfmt_elf64 read$eventfd
write$binfmt_elf64 read$fb
write$binfmt_elf64 read$hiddev
write$binfmt_elf64 read$hidraw
write$binfmt_elf64 read$midi
write$binfmt_elf64 read$proc_mixer
write$binfmt_elf64 read$ptp
write$binfmt_elf64 read$qrtrtun
write$binfmt_elf64 read$rfkill
write$binfmt_elf64 read$sequencer
write$binfmt_elf64 read$smackfs_access
write$binfmt_elf64 read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$binfmt_elf64 read$smackfs_logging
write$binfmt_elf64 read$smackfs_ptrace
write$binfmt_elf64 read$snapshot
write$binfmt_elf64 read$snddsp
write$binfmt_elf64 read$sndhw
write$binfmt_elf64 read$trusty
write$binfmt_elf64 read$usbfs
write$binfmt_elf64 read$usbmon
write$binfmt_misc read
write$binfmt_misc read$FUSE
write$binfmt_misc read$alg
write$binfmt_misc read$char_usb
write$binfmt_misc read$dsp
write$binfmt_misc read$eventfd
write$binfmt_misc read$fb
write$binfmt_misc read$hiddev
write$binfmt_misc read$hidraw
write$binfmt_misc read$midi
write$binfmt_misc read$proc_mixer
write$binfmt_misc read$ptp
write$binfmt_misc read$qrtrtun
write$binfmt_misc read$rfkill
write$binfmt_misc read$sequencer
write$binfmt_misc read$smackfs_access
write$binfmt_misc read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$binfmt_misc read$smackfs_logging
write$binfmt_misc read$smackfs_ptrace
write$binfmt_misc read$snapshot
write$binfmt_misc read$snddsp
write$binfmt_misc read$sndhw
write$binfmt_misc read$trusty
write$binfmt_misc read$usbfs
write$binfmt_misc read$usbmon
write$binfmt_script read
write$binfmt_script read$FUSE
write$binfmt_script read$alg
write$binfmt_script read$char_usb
write$binfmt_script read$dsp
write$binfmt_script read$eventfd
write$binfmt_script read$fb
write$binfmt_script read$hiddev
write$binfmt_script read$hidraw
write$binfmt_script read$midi
write$binfmt_script read$proc_mixer
write$binfmt_script read$ptp
write$binfmt_script read$qrtrtun
write$binfmt_script read$rfkill
write$binfmt_script read$sequencer
write$binfmt_script read$smackfs_access
write$binfmt_script read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$binfmt_script read$smackfs_logging
write$binfmt_script read$smackfs_ptrace
write$binfmt_script read$snapshot
write$binfmt_script read$snddsp
write$binfmt_script read$sndhw
write$binfmt_script read$trusty
write$binfmt_script read$usbfs
write$binfmt_script read$usbmon
write$bt_hci read
write$bt_hci read$FUSE
write$bt_hci read$alg
write$bt_hci read$char_usb
write$bt_hci read$dsp
write$bt_hci read$eventfd
write$bt_hci read$fb
write$bt_hci read$hiddev
write$bt_hci read$hidraw
write$bt_hci read$midi
write$bt_hci read$proc_mixer
write$bt_hci read$ptp
write$bt_hci read$qrtrtun
write$bt_hci read$rfkill
write$bt_hci read$sequencer
write$bt_hci read$smackfs_access
write$bt_hci read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$bt_hci read$smackfs_logging
write$bt_hci read$smackfs_ptrace
write$bt_hci read$snapshot
write$bt_hci read$snddsp
write$bt_hci read$sndhw
write$bt_hci read$trusty
write$bt_hci read$usbfs
write$bt_hci read$usbmon
write$capi20 read
write$capi20 read$FUSE
write$capi20 read$alg
write$capi20 read$char_usb
write$capi20 read$dsp
write$capi20 read$eventfd
write$capi20 read$fb
write$capi20 read$hiddev
write$capi20 read$hidraw
write$capi20 read$midi
write$capi20 read$proc_mixer
write$capi20 read$ptp
write$capi20 read$qrtrtun
write$capi20 read$rfkill
write$capi20 read$sequencer
write$capi20 read$smackfs_access
write$capi20 read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$capi20 read$smackfs_logging
write$capi20 read$smackfs_ptrace
write$capi20 read$snapshot
write$capi20 read$snddsp
write$capi20 read$sndhw
write$capi20 read$trusty
write$capi20 read$usbfs
write$capi20 read$usbmon
write$capi20_data read
write$capi20_data read$FUSE
write$capi20_data read$alg
write$capi20_data read$char_usb
write$capi20_data read$dsp
write$capi20_data read$eventfd
write$capi20_data read$fb
write$capi20_data read$hiddev
write$capi20_data read$hidraw
write$capi20_data read$midi
write$capi20_data read$proc_mixer
write$capi20_data read$ptp
write$capi20_data read$qrtrtun
write$capi20_data read$rfkill
write$capi20_data read$sequencer
write$capi20_data read$smackfs_access
write$capi20_data read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$capi20_data read$smackfs_logging
write$capi20_data read$smackfs_ptrace
write$capi20_data read$snapshot
write$capi20_data read$snddsp
write$capi20_data read$sndhw
write$capi20_data read$trusty
write$capi20_data read$usbfs
write$capi20_data read$usbmon
write$cgroup_devices read
write$cgroup_devices read$FUSE
write$cgroup_devices read$alg
write$cgroup_devices read$char_usb
write$cgroup_devices read$dsp
write$cgroup_devices read$eventfd
write$cgroup_devices read$fb
write$cgroup_devices read$hiddev
write$cgroup_devices read$hidraw
write$cgroup_devices read$midi
write$cgroup_devices read$proc_mixer
write$cgroup_devices read$ptp
write$cgroup_devices read$qrtrtun
write$cgroup_devices read$rfkill
write$cgroup_devices read$sequencer
write$cgroup_devices read$smackfs_access
write$cgroup_devices read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$cgroup_devices read$smackfs_logging
write$cgroup_devices read$smackfs_ptrace
write$cgroup_devices read$snapshot
write$cgroup_devices read$snddsp
write$cgroup_devices read$sndhw
write$cgroup_devices read$trusty
write$cgroup_devices read$usbfs
write$cgroup_devices read$usbmon
write$cgroup_freezer_state read
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$FUSE
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$alg
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$char_usb
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$dsp
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$eventfd
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$fb
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$hiddev
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$hidraw
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$midi
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$proc_mixer
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$ptp
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$qrtrtun
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$rfkill
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$sequencer
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$smackfs_access
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$smackfs_logging
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$smackfs_ptrace
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$snapshot
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$snddsp
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$sndhw
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$trusty
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$usbfs
write$cgroup_freezer_state read$usbmon
write$cgroup_int read
write$cgroup_int read$FUSE
write$cgroup_int read$alg
write$cgroup_int read$char_usb
write$cgroup_int read$dsp
write$cgroup_int read$eventfd
write$cgroup_int read$fb
write$cgroup_int read$hiddev
write$cgroup_int read$hidraw
write$cgroup_int read$midi
write$cgroup_int read$proc_mixer
write$cgroup_int read$ptp
write$cgroup_int read$qrtrtun
write$cgroup_int read$rfkill
write$cgroup_int read$sequencer
write$cgroup_int read$smackfs_access
write$cgroup_int read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$cgroup_int read$smackfs_logging
write$cgroup_int read$smackfs_ptrace
write$cgroup_int read$snapshot
write$cgroup_int read$snddsp
write$cgroup_int read$sndhw
write$cgroup_int read$trusty
write$cgroup_int read$usbfs
write$cgroup_int read$usbmon
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$FUSE
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$alg
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$char_usb
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$dsp
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$eventfd
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$fb
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$hiddev
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$hidraw
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$midi
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$proc_mixer
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$ptp
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$qrtrtun
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$rfkill
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$sequencer
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$smackfs_access
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$smackfs_logging
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$smackfs_ptrace
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$snapshot
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$snddsp
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$sndhw
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$trusty
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$usbfs
write$cgroup_netprio_ifpriomap read$usbmon
write$cgroup_pid read
write$cgroup_pid read$FUSE
write$cgroup_pid read$alg
write$cgroup_pid read$char_usb
write$cgroup_pid read$dsp
write$cgroup_pid read$eventfd
write$cgroup_pid read$fb
write$cgroup_pid read$hiddev
write$cgroup_pid read$hidraw
write$cgroup_pid read$midi
write$cgroup_pid read$proc_mixer
write$cgroup_pid read$ptp
write$cgroup_pid read$qrtrtun
write$cgroup_pid read$rfkill
write$cgroup_pid read$sequencer
write$cgroup_pid read$smackfs_access
write$cgroup_pid read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$cgroup_pid read$smackfs_logging
write$cgroup_pid read$smackfs_ptrace
write$cgroup_pid read$snapshot
write$cgroup_pid read$snddsp
write$cgroup_pid read$sndhw
write$cgroup_pid read$trusty
write$cgroup_pid read$usbfs
write$cgroup_pid read$usbmon
write$cgroup_subtree read
write$cgroup_subtree read$FUSE
write$cgroup_subtree read$alg
write$cgroup_subtree read$char_usb
write$cgroup_subtree read$dsp
write$cgroup_subtree read$eventfd
write$cgroup_subtree read$fb
write$cgroup_subtree read$hiddev
write$cgroup_subtree read$hidraw
write$cgroup_subtree read$midi
write$cgroup_subtree read$proc_mixer
write$cgroup_subtree read$ptp
write$cgroup_subtree read$qrtrtun
write$cgroup_subtree read$rfkill
write$cgroup_subtree read$sequencer
write$cgroup_subtree read$smackfs_access
write$cgroup_subtree read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$cgroup_subtree read$smackfs_logging
write$cgroup_subtree read$smackfs_ptrace
write$cgroup_subtree read$snapshot
write$cgroup_subtree read$snddsp
write$cgroup_subtree read$sndhw
write$cgroup_subtree read$trusty
write$cgroup_subtree read$usbfs
write$cgroup_subtree read$usbmon
write$cgroup_type read
write$cgroup_type read$FUSE
write$cgroup_type read$alg
write$cgroup_type read$char_usb
write$cgroup_type read$dsp
write$cgroup_type read$eventfd
write$cgroup_type read$fb
write$cgroup_type read$hiddev
write$cgroup_type read$hidraw
write$cgroup_type read$midi
write$cgroup_type read$proc_mixer
write$cgroup_type read$ptp
write$cgroup_type read$qrtrtun
write$cgroup_type read$rfkill
write$cgroup_type read$sequencer
write$cgroup_type read$smackfs_access
write$cgroup_type read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$cgroup_type read$smackfs_logging
write$cgroup_type read$smackfs_ptrace
write$cgroup_type read$snapshot
write$cgroup_type read$snddsp
write$cgroup_type read$sndhw
write$cgroup_type read$trusty
write$cgroup_type read$usbfs
write$cgroup_type read$usbmon
write$char_usb read
write$char_usb read$FUSE
write$char_usb read$alg
write$char_usb read$char_usb
write$char_usb read$dsp
write$char_usb read$eventfd
write$char_usb read$fb
write$char_usb read$hiddev
write$char_usb read$hidraw
write$char_usb read$midi
write$char_usb read$proc_mixer
write$char_usb read$ptp
write$char_usb read$qrtrtun
write$char_usb read$rfkill
write$char_usb read$sequencer
write$char_usb read$smackfs_access
write$char_usb read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$char_usb read$smackfs_logging
write$char_usb read$smackfs_ptrace
write$char_usb read$snapshot
write$char_usb read$snddsp
write$char_usb read$sndhw
write$char_usb read$trusty
write$char_usb read$usbfs
write$char_usb read$usbmon
write$dsp read
write$dsp read$FUSE
write$dsp read$alg
write$dsp read$char_usb
write$dsp read$dsp
write$dsp read$eventfd
write$dsp read$fb
write$dsp read$hiddev
write$dsp read$hidraw
write$dsp read$midi
write$dsp read$proc_mixer
write$dsp read$ptp
write$dsp read$qrtrtun
write$dsp read$rfkill
write$dsp read$sequencer
write$dsp read$smackfs_access
write$dsp read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$dsp read$smackfs_logging
write$dsp read$smackfs_ptrace
write$dsp read$snapshot
write$dsp read$snddsp
write$dsp read$sndhw
write$dsp read$trusty
write$dsp read$usbfs
write$dsp read$usbmon
write$evdev read
write$evdev read$FUSE
write$evdev read$alg
write$evdev read$char_usb
write$evdev read$dsp
write$evdev read$eventfd
write$evdev read$fb
write$evdev read$hiddev
write$evdev read$hidraw
write$evdev read$midi
write$evdev read$proc_mixer
write$evdev read$ptp
write$evdev read$qrtrtun
write$evdev read$rfkill
write$evdev read$sequencer
write$evdev read$smackfs_access
write$evdev read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$evdev read$smackfs_logging
write$evdev read$smackfs_ptrace
write$evdev read$snapshot
write$evdev read$snddsp
write$evdev read$sndhw
write$evdev read$trusty
write$evdev read$usbfs
write$evdev read$usbmon
write$eventfd read
write$eventfd read$FUSE
write$eventfd read$alg
write$eventfd read$char_usb
write$eventfd read$dsp
write$eventfd read$eventfd
write$eventfd read$fb
write$eventfd read$hiddev
write$eventfd read$hidraw
write$eventfd read$midi
write$eventfd read$proc_mixer
write$eventfd read$ptp
write$eventfd read$qrtrtun
write$eventfd read$rfkill
write$eventfd read$sequencer
write$eventfd read$smackfs_access
write$eventfd read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$eventfd read$smackfs_logging
write$eventfd read$smackfs_ptrace
write$eventfd read$snapshot
write$eventfd read$snddsp
write$eventfd read$sndhw
write$eventfd read$trusty
write$eventfd read$usbfs
write$eventfd read$usbmon
write$fb read
write$fb read$FUSE
write$fb read$alg
write$fb read$char_usb
write$fb read$dsp
write$fb read$eventfd
write$fb read$fb
write$fb read$hiddev
write$fb read$hidraw
write$fb read$midi
write$fb read$proc_mixer
write$fb read$ptp
write$fb read$qrtrtun
write$fb read$rfkill
write$fb read$sequencer
write$fb read$smackfs_access
write$fb read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$fb read$smackfs_logging
write$fb read$smackfs_ptrace
write$fb read$snapshot
write$fb read$snddsp
write$fb read$sndhw
write$fb read$trusty
write$fb read$usbfs
write$fb read$usbmon
write$hidraw read
write$hidraw read$FUSE
write$hidraw read$alg
write$hidraw read$char_usb
write$hidraw read$dsp
write$hidraw read$eventfd
write$hidraw read$fb
write$hidraw read$hiddev
write$hidraw read$hidraw
write$hidraw read$midi
write$hidraw read$proc_mixer
write$hidraw read$ptp
write$hidraw read$qrtrtun
write$hidraw read$rfkill
write$hidraw read$sequencer
write$hidraw read$smackfs_access
write$hidraw read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$hidraw read$smackfs_logging
write$hidraw read$smackfs_ptrace
write$hidraw read$snapshot
write$hidraw read$snddsp
write$hidraw read$sndhw
write$hidraw read$trusty
write$hidraw read$usbfs
write$hidraw read$usbmon
write$input_event read
write$input_event read$FUSE
write$input_event read$alg
write$input_event read$char_usb
write$input_event read$dsp
write$input_event read$eventfd
write$input_event read$fb
write$input_event read$hiddev
write$input_event read$hidraw
write$input_event read$midi
write$input_event read$proc_mixer
write$input_event read$ptp
write$input_event read$qrtrtun
write$input_event read$rfkill
write$input_event read$sequencer
write$input_event read$smackfs_access
write$input_event read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$input_event read$smackfs_logging
write$input_event read$smackfs_ptrace
write$input_event read$snapshot
write$input_event read$snddsp
write$input_event read$sndhw
write$input_event read$trusty
write$input_event read$usbfs
write$input_event read$usbmon
write$khugepaged_scan read
write$khugepaged_scan read$FUSE
write$khugepaged_scan read$alg
write$khugepaged_scan read$char_usb
write$khugepaged_scan read$dsp
write$khugepaged_scan read$eventfd
write$khugepaged_scan read$fb
write$khugepaged_scan read$hiddev
write$khugepaged_scan read$hidraw
write$khugepaged_scan read$midi
write$khugepaged_scan read$proc_mixer
write$khugepaged_scan read$ptp
write$khugepaged_scan read$qrtrtun
write$khugepaged_scan read$rfkill
write$khugepaged_scan read$sequencer
write$khugepaged_scan read$smackfs_access
write$khugepaged_scan read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$khugepaged_scan read$smackfs_logging
write$khugepaged_scan read$smackfs_ptrace
write$khugepaged_scan read$snapshot
write$khugepaged_scan read$snddsp
write$khugepaged_scan read$sndhw
write$khugepaged_scan read$trusty
write$khugepaged_scan read$usbfs
write$khugepaged_scan read$usbmon
write$midi read
write$midi read$FUSE
write$midi read$alg
write$midi read$char_usb
write$midi read$dsp
write$midi read$eventfd
write$midi read$fb
write$midi read$hiddev
write$midi read$hidraw
write$midi read$midi
write$midi read$proc_mixer
write$midi read$ptp
write$midi read$qrtrtun
write$midi read$rfkill
write$midi read$sequencer
write$midi read$smackfs_access
write$midi read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$midi read$smackfs_logging
write$midi read$smackfs_ptrace
write$midi read$snapshot
write$midi read$snddsp
write$midi read$sndhw
write$midi read$trusty
write$midi read$usbfs
write$midi read$usbmon
write$nbd read
write$nbd read$FUSE
write$nbd read$alg
write$nbd read$char_usb
write$nbd read$dsp
write$nbd read$eventfd
write$nbd read$fb
write$nbd read$hiddev
write$nbd read$hidraw
write$nbd read$midi
write$nbd read$proc_mixer
write$nbd read$ptp
write$nbd read$qrtrtun
write$nbd read$rfkill
write$nbd read$sequencer
write$nbd read$smackfs_access
write$nbd read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$nbd read$smackfs_logging
write$nbd read$smackfs_ptrace
write$nbd read$snapshot
write$nbd read$snddsp
write$nbd read$sndhw
write$nbd read$trusty
write$nbd read$usbfs
write$nbd read$usbmon
write$ppp read
write$ppp read$FUSE
write$ppp read$alg
write$ppp read$char_usb
write$ppp read$dsp
write$ppp read$eventfd
write$ppp read$fb
write$ppp read$hiddev
write$ppp read$hidraw
write$ppp read$midi
write$ppp read$proc_mixer
write$ppp read$ptp
write$ppp read$qrtrtun
write$ppp read$rfkill
write$ppp read$sequencer
write$ppp read$smackfs_access
write$ppp read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$ppp read$smackfs_logging
write$ppp read$smackfs_ptrace
write$ppp read$snapshot
write$ppp read$snddsp
write$ppp read$sndhw
write$ppp read$trusty
write$ppp read$usbfs
write$ppp read$usbmon
write$proc_mixer read
write$proc_mixer read$FUSE
write$proc_mixer read$alg
write$proc_mixer read$char_usb
write$proc_mixer read$dsp
write$proc_mixer read$eventfd
write$proc_mixer read$fb
write$proc_mixer read$hiddev
write$proc_mixer read$hidraw
write$proc_mixer read$midi
write$proc_mixer read$proc_mixer
write$proc_mixer read$ptp
write$proc_mixer read$qrtrtun
write$proc_mixer read$rfkill
write$proc_mixer read$sequencer
write$proc_mixer read$smackfs_access
write$proc_mixer read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$proc_mixer read$smackfs_logging
write$proc_mixer read$smackfs_ptrace
write$proc_mixer read$snapshot
write$proc_mixer read$snddsp
write$proc_mixer read$sndhw
write$proc_mixer read$trusty
write$proc_mixer read$usbfs
write$proc_mixer read$usbmon
write$proc_reclaim read
write$proc_reclaim read$FUSE
write$proc_reclaim read$alg
write$proc_reclaim read$char_usb
write$proc_reclaim read$dsp
write$proc_reclaim read$eventfd
write$proc_reclaim read$fb
write$proc_reclaim read$hiddev
write$proc_reclaim read$hidraw
write$proc_reclaim read$midi
write$proc_reclaim read$proc_mixer
write$proc_reclaim read$ptp
write$proc_reclaim read$qrtrtun
write$proc_reclaim read$rfkill
write$proc_reclaim read$sequencer
write$proc_reclaim read$smackfs_access
write$proc_reclaim read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$proc_reclaim read$smackfs_logging
write$proc_reclaim read$smackfs_ptrace
write$proc_reclaim read$snapshot
write$proc_reclaim read$snddsp
write$proc_reclaim read$sndhw
write$proc_reclaim read$trusty
write$proc_reclaim read$usbfs
write$proc_reclaim read$usbmon
write$qrtrtun read
write$qrtrtun read$FUSE
write$qrtrtun read$alg
write$qrtrtun read$char_usb
write$qrtrtun read$dsp
write$qrtrtun read$eventfd
write$qrtrtun read$fb
write$qrtrtun read$hiddev
write$qrtrtun read$hidraw
write$qrtrtun read$midi
write$qrtrtun read$proc_mixer
write$qrtrtun read$ptp
write$qrtrtun read$qrtrtun
write$qrtrtun read$rfkill
write$qrtrtun read$sequencer
write$qrtrtun read$smackfs_access
write$qrtrtun read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$qrtrtun read$smackfs_logging
write$qrtrtun read$smackfs_ptrace
write$qrtrtun read$snapshot
write$qrtrtun read$snddsp
write$qrtrtun read$sndhw
write$qrtrtun read$trusty
write$qrtrtun read$usbfs
write$qrtrtun read$usbmon
write$rfkill read
write$rfkill read$FUSE
write$rfkill read$alg
write$rfkill read$char_usb
write$rfkill read$dsp
write$rfkill read$eventfd
write$rfkill read$fb
write$rfkill read$hiddev
write$rfkill read$hidraw
write$rfkill read$midi
write$rfkill read$proc_mixer
write$rfkill read$ptp
write$rfkill read$qrtrtun
write$rfkill read$rfkill
write$rfkill read$sequencer
write$rfkill read$smackfs_access
write$rfkill read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$rfkill read$smackfs_logging
write$rfkill read$smackfs_ptrace
write$rfkill read$snapshot
write$rfkill read$snddsp
write$rfkill read$sndhw
write$rfkill read$trusty
write$rfkill read$usbfs
write$rfkill read$usbmon
write$selinux_access read
write$selinux_access read$FUSE
write$selinux_access read$alg
write$selinux_access read$char_usb
write$selinux_access read$dsp
write$selinux_access read$eventfd
write$selinux_access read$fb
write$selinux_access read$hiddev
write$selinux_access read$hidraw
write$selinux_access read$midi
write$selinux_access read$proc_mixer
write$selinux_access read$ptp
write$selinux_access read$qrtrtun
write$selinux_access read$rfkill
write$selinux_access read$sequencer
write$selinux_access read$smackfs_access
write$selinux_access read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$selinux_access read$smackfs_logging
write$selinux_access read$smackfs_ptrace
write$selinux_access read$snapshot
write$selinux_access read$snddsp
write$selinux_access read$sndhw
write$selinux_access read$trusty
write$selinux_access read$usbfs
write$selinux_access read$usbmon
write$selinux_attr read
write$selinux_attr read$FUSE
write$selinux_attr read$alg
write$selinux_attr read$char_usb
write$selinux_attr read$dsp
write$selinux_attr read$eventfd
write$selinux_attr read$fb
write$selinux_attr read$hiddev
write$selinux_attr read$hidraw
write$selinux_attr read$midi
write$selinux_attr read$proc_mixer
write$selinux_attr read$ptp
write$selinux_attr read$qrtrtun
write$selinux_attr read$rfkill
write$selinux_attr read$sequencer
write$selinux_attr read$smackfs_access
write$selinux_attr read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$selinux_attr read$smackfs_logging
write$selinux_attr read$smackfs_ptrace
write$selinux_attr read$snapshot
write$selinux_attr read$snddsp
write$selinux_attr read$sndhw
write$selinux_attr read$trusty
write$selinux_attr read$usbfs
write$selinux_attr read$usbmon
write$selinux_context read
write$selinux_context read$FUSE
write$selinux_context read$alg
write$selinux_context read$char_usb
write$selinux_context read$dsp
write$selinux_context read$eventfd
write$selinux_context read$fb
write$selinux_context read$hiddev
write$selinux_context read$hidraw
write$selinux_context read$midi
write$selinux_context read$proc_mixer
write$selinux_context read$ptp
write$selinux_context read$qrtrtun
write$selinux_context read$rfkill
write$selinux_context read$sequencer
write$selinux_context read$smackfs_access
write$selinux_context read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$selinux_context read$smackfs_logging
write$selinux_context read$smackfs_ptrace
write$selinux_context read$snapshot
write$selinux_context read$snddsp
write$selinux_context read$sndhw
write$selinux_context read$trusty
write$selinux_context read$usbfs
write$selinux_context read$usbmon
write$selinux_create read
write$selinux_create read$FUSE
write$selinux_create read$alg
write$selinux_create read$char_usb
write$selinux_create read$dsp
write$selinux_create read$eventfd
write$selinux_create read$fb
write$selinux_create read$hiddev
write$selinux_create read$hidraw
write$selinux_create read$midi
write$selinux_create read$proc_mixer
write$selinux_create read$ptp
write$selinux_create read$qrtrtun
write$selinux_create read$rfkill
write$selinux_create read$sequencer
write$selinux_create read$smackfs_access
write$selinux_create read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$selinux_create read$smackfs_logging
write$selinux_create read$smackfs_ptrace
write$selinux_create read$snapshot
write$selinux_create read$snddsp
write$selinux_create read$sndhw
write$selinux_create read$trusty
write$selinux_create read$usbfs
write$selinux_create read$usbmon
write$selinux_load read
write$selinux_load read$FUSE
write$selinux_load read$alg
write$selinux_load read$char_usb
write$selinux_load read$dsp
write$selinux_load read$eventfd
write$selinux_load read$fb
write$selinux_load read$hiddev
write$selinux_load read$hidraw
write$selinux_load read$midi
write$selinux_load read$proc_mixer
write$selinux_load read$ptp
write$selinux_load read$qrtrtun
write$selinux_load read$rfkill
write$selinux_load read$sequencer
write$selinux_load read$smackfs_access
write$selinux_load read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$selinux_load read$smackfs_logging
write$selinux_load read$smackfs_ptrace
write$selinux_load read$snapshot
write$selinux_load read$snddsp
write$selinux_load read$sndhw
write$selinux_load read$trusty
write$selinux_load read$usbfs
write$selinux_load read$usbmon
write$selinux_user read
write$selinux_user read$FUSE
write$selinux_user read$alg
write$selinux_user read$char_usb
write$selinux_user read$dsp
write$selinux_user read$eventfd
write$selinux_user read$fb
write$selinux_user read$hiddev
write$selinux_user read$hidraw
write$selinux_user read$midi
write$selinux_user read$proc_mixer
write$selinux_user read$ptp
write$selinux_user read$qrtrtun
write$selinux_user read$rfkill
write$selinux_user read$sequencer
write$selinux_user read$smackfs_access
write$selinux_user read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$selinux_user read$smackfs_logging
write$selinux_user read$smackfs_ptrace
write$selinux_user read$snapshot
write$selinux_user read$snddsp
write$selinux_user read$sndhw
write$selinux_user read$trusty
write$selinux_user read$usbfs
write$selinux_user read$usbmon
write$selinux_validatetrans read
write$selinux_validatetrans read$FUSE
write$selinux_validatetrans read$alg
write$selinux_validatetrans read$char_usb
write$selinux_validatetrans read$dsp
write$selinux_validatetrans read$eventfd
write$selinux_validatetrans read$fb
write$selinux_validatetrans read$hiddev
write$selinux_validatetrans read$hidraw
write$selinux_validatetrans read$midi
write$selinux_validatetrans read$proc_mixer
write$selinux_validatetrans read$ptp
write$selinux_validatetrans read$qrtrtun
write$selinux_validatetrans read$rfkill
write$selinux_validatetrans read$sequencer
write$selinux_validatetrans read$smackfs_access
write$selinux_validatetrans read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$selinux_validatetrans read$smackfs_logging
write$selinux_validatetrans read$smackfs_ptrace
write$selinux_validatetrans read$snapshot
write$selinux_validatetrans read$snddsp
write$selinux_validatetrans read$sndhw
write$selinux_validatetrans read$trusty
write$selinux_validatetrans read$usbfs
write$selinux_validatetrans read$usbmon
write$sequencer read
write$sequencer read$FUSE
write$sequencer read$alg
write$sequencer read$char_usb
write$sequencer read$dsp
write$sequencer read$eventfd
write$sequencer read$fb
write$sequencer read$hiddev
write$sequencer read$hidraw
write$sequencer read$midi
write$sequencer read$proc_mixer
write$sequencer read$ptp
write$sequencer read$qrtrtun
write$sequencer read$rfkill
write$sequencer read$sequencer
write$sequencer read$smackfs_access
write$sequencer read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$sequencer read$smackfs_logging
write$sequencer read$smackfs_ptrace
write$sequencer read$snapshot
write$sequencer read$snddsp
write$sequencer read$sndhw
write$sequencer read$trusty
write$sequencer read$usbfs
write$sequencer read$usbmon
write$smack_current read
write$smack_current read$FUSE
write$smack_current read$alg
write$smack_current read$char_usb
write$smack_current read$dsp
write$smack_current read$eventfd
write$smack_current read$fb
write$smack_current read$hiddev
write$smack_current read$hidraw
write$smack_current read$midi
write$smack_current read$proc_mixer
write$smack_current read$ptp
write$smack_current read$qrtrtun
write$smack_current read$rfkill
write$smack_current read$sequencer
write$smack_current read$smackfs_access
write$smack_current read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$smack_current read$smackfs_logging
write$smack_current read$smackfs_ptrace
write$smack_current read$snapshot
write$smack_current read$snddsp
write$smack_current read$sndhw
write$smack_current read$trusty
write$smack_current read$usbfs
write$smack_current read$usbmon
write$smackfs_access read
write$smackfs_access read$FUSE
write$smackfs_access read$alg
write$smackfs_access read$char_usb
write$smackfs_access read$dsp
write$smackfs_access read$eventfd
write$smackfs_access read$fb
write$smackfs_access read$hiddev
write$smackfs_access read$hidraw
write$smackfs_access read$midi
write$smackfs_access read$proc_mixer
write$smackfs_access read$ptp
write$smackfs_access read$qrtrtun
write$smackfs_access read$rfkill
write$smackfs_access read$sequencer
write$smackfs_access read$smackfs_access
write$smackfs_access read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$smackfs_access read$smackfs_logging
write$smackfs_access read$smackfs_ptrace
write$smackfs_access read$snapshot
write$smackfs_access read$snddsp
write$smackfs_access read$sndhw
write$smackfs_access read$trusty
write$smackfs_access read$usbfs
write$smackfs_access read$usbmon
write$smackfs_change_rule read
write$smackfs_change_rule read$FUSE
write$smackfs_change_rule read$alg
write$smackfs_change_rule read$char_usb
write$smackfs_change_rule read$dsp
write$smackfs_change_rule read$eventfd
write$smackfs_change_rule read$fb
write$smackfs_change_rule read$hiddev
write$smackfs_change_rule read$hidraw
write$smackfs_change_rule read$midi
write$smackfs_change_rule read$proc_mixer
write$smackfs_change_rule read$ptp
write$smackfs_change_rule read$qrtrtun
write$smackfs_change_rule read$rfkill
write$smackfs_change_rule read$sequencer
write$smackfs_change_rule read$smackfs_access
write$smackfs_change_rule read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$smackfs_change_rule read$smackfs_logging
write$smackfs_change_rule read$smackfs_ptrace
write$smackfs_change_rule read$snapshot
write$smackfs_change_rule read$snddsp
write$smackfs_change_rule read$sndhw
write$smackfs_change_rule read$trusty
write$smackfs_change_rule read$usbfs
write$smackfs_change_rule read$usbmon
write$smackfs_cipso read
write$smackfs_cipso read$FUSE
write$smackfs_cipso read$alg
write$smackfs_cipso read$char_usb
write$smackfs_cipso read$dsp
write$smackfs_cipso read$eventfd
write$smackfs_cipso read$fb
write$smackfs_cipso read$hiddev
write$smackfs_cipso read$hidraw
write$smackfs_cipso read$midi
write$smackfs_cipso read$proc_mixer
write$smackfs_cipso read$ptp
write$smackfs_cipso read$qrtrtun
write$smackfs_cipso read$rfkill
write$smackfs_cipso read$sequencer
write$smackfs_cipso read$smackfs_access
write$smackfs_cipso read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$smackfs_cipso read$smackfs_logging
write$smackfs_cipso read$smackfs_ptrace
write$smackfs_cipso read$snapshot
write$smackfs_cipso read$snddsp
write$smackfs_cipso read$sndhw
write$smackfs_cipso read$trusty
write$smackfs_cipso read$usbfs
write$smackfs_cipso read$usbmon
write$smackfs_cipsonum read
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$FUSE
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$alg
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$char_usb
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$dsp
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$eventfd
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$fb
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$hiddev
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$hidraw
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$midi
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$proc_mixer
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$ptp
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$qrtrtun
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$rfkill
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$sequencer
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$smackfs_access
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$smackfs_logging
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$smackfs_ptrace
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$snapshot
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$snddsp
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$sndhw
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$trusty
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$usbfs
write$smackfs_cipsonum read$usbmon
write$smackfs_ipv6host read
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$FUSE
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$alg
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$char_usb
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$dsp
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$eventfd
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$fb
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$hiddev
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$hidraw
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$midi
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$proc_mixer
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$ptp
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$qrtrtun
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$rfkill
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$sequencer
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$smackfs_access
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$smackfs_logging
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$smackfs_ptrace
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$snapshot
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$snddsp
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$sndhw
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$trusty
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$usbfs
write$smackfs_ipv6host read$usbmon
write$smackfs_label read
write$smackfs_label read$FUSE
write$smackfs_label read$alg
write$smackfs_label read$char_usb
write$smackfs_label read$dsp
write$smackfs_label read$eventfd
write$smackfs_label read$fb
write$smackfs_label read$hiddev
write$smackfs_label read$hidraw
write$smackfs_label read$midi
write$smackfs_label read$proc_mixer
write$smackfs_label read$ptp
write$smackfs_label read$qrtrtun
write$smackfs_label read$rfkill
write$smackfs_label read$sequencer
write$smackfs_label read$smackfs_access
write$smackfs_label read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$smackfs_label read$smackfs_logging
write$smackfs_label read$smackfs_ptrace
write$smackfs_label read$snapshot
write$smackfs_label read$snddsp
write$smackfs_label read$sndhw
write$smackfs_label read$trusty
write$smackfs_label read$usbfs
write$smackfs_label read$usbmon
write$smackfs_labels_list read
write$smackfs_labels_list read$FUSE
write$smackfs_labels_list read$alg
write$smackfs_labels_list read$char_usb
write$smackfs_labels_list read$dsp
write$smackfs_labels_list read$eventfd
write$smackfs_labels_list read$fb
write$smackfs_labels_list read$hiddev
write$smackfs_labels_list read$hidraw
write$smackfs_labels_list read$midi
write$smackfs_labels_list read$proc_mixer
write$smackfs_labels_list read$ptp
write$smackfs_labels_list read$qrtrtun
write$smackfs_labels_list read$rfkill
write$smackfs_labels_list read$sequencer
write$smackfs_labels_list read$smackfs_access
write$smackfs_labels_list read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$smackfs_labels_list read$smackfs_logging
write$smackfs_labels_list read$smackfs_ptrace
write$smackfs_labels_list read$snapshot
write$smackfs_labels_list read$snddsp
write$smackfs_labels_list read$sndhw
write$smackfs_labels_list read$trusty
write$smackfs_labels_list read$usbfs
write$smackfs_labels_list read$usbmon
write$smackfs_load read
write$smackfs_load read$FUSE
write$smackfs_load read$alg
write$smackfs_load read$char_usb
write$smackfs_load read$dsp
write$smackfs_load read$eventfd
write$smackfs_load read$fb
write$smackfs_load read$hiddev
write$smackfs_load read$hidraw
write$smackfs_load read$midi
write$smackfs_load read$proc_mixer
write$smackfs_load read$ptp
write$smackfs_load read$qrtrtun
write$smackfs_load read$rfkill
write$smackfs_load read$sequencer
write$smackfs_load read$smackfs_access
write$smackfs_load read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$smackfs_load read$smackfs_logging
write$smackfs_load read$smackfs_ptrace
write$smackfs_load read$snapshot
write$smackfs_load read$snddsp
write$smackfs_load read$sndhw
write$smackfs_load read$trusty
write$smackfs_load read$usbfs
write$smackfs_load read$usbmon
write$smackfs_logging read
write$smackfs_logging read$FUSE
write$smackfs_logging read$alg
write$smackfs_logging read$char_usb
write$smackfs_logging read$dsp
write$smackfs_logging read$eventfd
write$smackfs_logging read$fb
write$smackfs_logging read$hiddev
write$smackfs_logging read$hidraw
write$smackfs_logging read$midi
write$smackfs_logging read$proc_mixer
write$smackfs_logging read$ptp
write$smackfs_logging read$qrtrtun
write$smackfs_logging read$rfkill
write$smackfs_logging read$sequencer
write$smackfs_logging read$smackfs_access
write$smackfs_logging read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$smackfs_logging read$smackfs_logging
write$smackfs_logging read$smackfs_ptrace
write$smackfs_logging read$snapshot
write$smackfs_logging read$snddsp
write$smackfs_logging read$sndhw
write$smackfs_logging read$trusty
write$smackfs_logging read$usbfs
write$smackfs_logging read$usbmon
write$smackfs_netlabel read
write$smackfs_netlabel read$FUSE
write$smackfs_netlabel read$alg
write$smackfs_netlabel read$char_usb
write$smackfs_netlabel read$dsp
write$smackfs_netlabel read$eventfd
write$smackfs_netlabel read$fb
write$smackfs_netlabel read$hiddev
write$smackfs_netlabel read$hidraw
write$smackfs_netlabel read$midi
write$smackfs_netlabel read$proc_mixer
write$smackfs_netlabel read$ptp
write$smackfs_netlabel read$qrtrtun
write$smackfs_netlabel read$rfkill
write$smackfs_netlabel read$sequencer
write$smackfs_netlabel read$smackfs_access
write$smackfs_netlabel read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$smackfs_netlabel read$smackfs_logging
write$smackfs_netlabel read$smackfs_ptrace
write$smackfs_netlabel read$snapshot
write$smackfs_netlabel read$snddsp
write$smackfs_netlabel read$sndhw
write$smackfs_netlabel read$trusty
write$smackfs_netlabel read$usbfs
write$smackfs_netlabel read$usbmon
write$smackfs_ptrace read
write$smackfs_ptrace read$FUSE
write$smackfs_ptrace read$alg
write$smackfs_ptrace read$char_usb
write$smackfs_ptrace read$dsp
write$smackfs_ptrace read$eventfd
write$smackfs_ptrace read$fb
write$smackfs_ptrace read$hiddev
write$smackfs_ptrace read$hidraw
write$smackfs_ptrace read$midi
write$smackfs_ptrace read$proc_mixer
write$smackfs_ptrace read$ptp
write$smackfs_ptrace read$qrtrtun
write$smackfs_ptrace read$rfkill
write$smackfs_ptrace read$sequencer
write$smackfs_ptrace read$smackfs_access
write$smackfs_ptrace read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$smackfs_ptrace read$smackfs_logging
write$smackfs_ptrace read$smackfs_ptrace
write$smackfs_ptrace read$snapshot
write$smackfs_ptrace read$snddsp
write$smackfs_ptrace read$sndhw
write$smackfs_ptrace read$trusty
write$smackfs_ptrace read$usbfs
write$smackfs_ptrace read$usbmon
write$snapshot read
write$snapshot read$FUSE
write$snapshot read$alg
write$snapshot read$char_usb
write$snapshot read$dsp
write$snapshot read$eventfd
write$snapshot read$fb
write$snapshot read$hiddev
write$snapshot read$hidraw
write$snapshot read$midi
write$snapshot read$proc_mixer
write$snapshot read$ptp
write$snapshot read$qrtrtun
write$snapshot read$rfkill
write$snapshot read$sequencer
write$snapshot read$smackfs_access
write$snapshot read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$snapshot read$smackfs_logging
write$snapshot read$smackfs_ptrace
write$snapshot read$snapshot
write$snapshot read$snddsp
write$snapshot read$sndhw
write$snapshot read$trusty
write$snapshot read$usbfs
write$snapshot read$usbmon
write$snddsp read
write$snddsp read$FUSE
write$snddsp read$alg
write$snddsp read$char_usb
write$snddsp read$dsp
write$snddsp read$eventfd
write$snddsp read$fb
write$snddsp read$hiddev
write$snddsp read$hidraw
write$snddsp read$midi
write$snddsp read$proc_mixer
write$snddsp read$ptp
write$snddsp read$qrtrtun
write$snddsp read$rfkill
write$snddsp read$sequencer
write$snddsp read$smackfs_access
write$snddsp read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$snddsp read$smackfs_logging
write$snddsp read$smackfs_ptrace
write$snddsp read$snapshot
write$snddsp read$snddsp
write$snddsp read$sndhw
write$snddsp read$trusty
write$snddsp read$usbfs
write$snddsp read$usbmon
write$sndhw read
write$sndhw read$FUSE
write$sndhw read$alg
write$sndhw read$char_usb
write$sndhw read$dsp
write$sndhw read$eventfd
write$sndhw read$fb
write$sndhw read$hiddev
write$sndhw read$hidraw
write$sndhw read$midi
write$sndhw read$proc_mixer
write$sndhw read$ptp
write$sndhw read$qrtrtun
write$sndhw read$rfkill
write$sndhw read$sequencer
write$sndhw read$smackfs_access
write$sndhw read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$sndhw read$smackfs_logging
write$sndhw read$smackfs_ptrace
write$sndhw read$snapshot
write$sndhw read$snddsp
write$sndhw read$sndhw
write$sndhw read$trusty
write$sndhw read$usbfs
write$sndhw read$usbmon
write$sndhw_fireworks read
write$sndhw_fireworks read$FUSE
write$sndhw_fireworks read$alg
write$sndhw_fireworks read$char_usb
write$sndhw_fireworks read$dsp
write$sndhw_fireworks read$eventfd
write$sndhw_fireworks read$fb
write$sndhw_fireworks read$hiddev
write$sndhw_fireworks read$hidraw
write$sndhw_fireworks read$midi
write$sndhw_fireworks read$proc_mixer
write$sndhw_fireworks read$ptp
write$sndhw_fireworks read$qrtrtun
write$sndhw_fireworks read$rfkill
write$sndhw_fireworks read$sequencer
write$sndhw_fireworks read$smackfs_access
write$sndhw_fireworks read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$sndhw_fireworks read$smackfs_logging
write$sndhw_fireworks read$smackfs_ptrace
write$sndhw_fireworks read$snapshot
write$sndhw_fireworks read$snddsp
write$sndhw_fireworks read$sndhw
write$sndhw_fireworks read$trusty
write$sndhw_fireworks read$usbfs
write$sndhw_fireworks read$usbmon
write$sndseq read
write$sndseq read$FUSE
write$sndseq read$alg
write$sndseq read$char_usb
write$sndseq read$dsp
write$sndseq read$eventfd
write$sndseq read$fb
write$sndseq read$hiddev
write$sndseq read$hidraw
write$sndseq read$midi
write$sndseq read$proc_mixer
write$sndseq read$ptp
write$sndseq read$qrtrtun
write$sndseq read$rfkill
write$sndseq read$sequencer
write$sndseq read$smackfs_access
write$sndseq read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$sndseq read$smackfs_logging
write$sndseq read$smackfs_ptrace
write$sndseq read$snapshot
write$sndseq read$snddsp
write$sndseq read$sndhw
write$sndseq read$trusty
write$sndseq read$usbfs
write$sndseq read$usbmon
write$sysctl read
write$sysctl read$FUSE
write$sysctl read$alg
write$sysctl read$char_usb
write$sysctl read$dsp
write$sysctl read$eventfd
write$sysctl read$fb
write$sysctl read$hiddev
write$sysctl read$hidraw
write$sysctl read$midi
write$sysctl read$proc_mixer
write$sysctl read$ptp
write$sysctl read$qrtrtun
write$sysctl read$rfkill
write$sysctl read$sequencer
write$sysctl read$smackfs_access
write$sysctl read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$sysctl read$smackfs_logging
write$sysctl read$smackfs_ptrace
write$sysctl read$snapshot
write$sysctl read$snddsp
write$sysctl read$sndhw
write$sysctl read$trusty
write$sysctl read$usbfs
write$sysctl read$usbmon
write$tcp_congestion read
write$tcp_congestion read$FUSE
write$tcp_congestion read$alg
write$tcp_congestion read$char_usb
write$tcp_congestion read$dsp
write$tcp_congestion read$eventfd
write$tcp_congestion read$fb
write$tcp_congestion read$hiddev
write$tcp_congestion read$hidraw
write$tcp_congestion read$midi
write$tcp_congestion read$proc_mixer
write$tcp_congestion read$ptp
write$tcp_congestion read$qrtrtun
write$tcp_congestion read$rfkill
write$tcp_congestion read$sequencer
write$tcp_congestion read$smackfs_access
write$tcp_congestion read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$tcp_congestion read$smackfs_logging
write$tcp_congestion read$smackfs_ptrace
write$tcp_congestion read$snapshot
write$tcp_congestion read$snddsp
write$tcp_congestion read$sndhw
write$tcp_congestion read$trusty
write$tcp_congestion read$usbfs
write$tcp_congestion read$usbmon
write$tcp_mem read
write$tcp_mem read$FUSE
write$tcp_mem read$alg
write$tcp_mem read$char_usb
write$tcp_mem read$dsp
write$tcp_mem read$eventfd
write$tcp_mem read$fb
write$tcp_mem read$hiddev
write$tcp_mem read$hidraw
write$tcp_mem read$midi
write$tcp_mem read$proc_mixer
write$tcp_mem read$ptp
write$tcp_mem read$qrtrtun
write$tcp_mem read$rfkill
write$tcp_mem read$sequencer
write$tcp_mem read$smackfs_access
write$tcp_mem read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$tcp_mem read$smackfs_logging
write$tcp_mem read$smackfs_ptrace
write$tcp_mem read$snapshot
write$tcp_mem read$snddsp
write$tcp_mem read$sndhw
write$tcp_mem read$trusty
write$tcp_mem read$usbfs
write$tcp_mem read$usbmon
write$trusty read
write$trusty read$FUSE
write$trusty read$alg
write$trusty read$char_usb
write$trusty read$dsp
write$trusty read$eventfd
write$trusty read$fb
write$trusty read$hiddev
write$trusty read$hidraw
write$trusty read$midi
write$trusty read$proc_mixer
write$trusty read$ptp
write$trusty read$qrtrtun
write$trusty read$rfkill
write$trusty read$sequencer
write$trusty read$smackfs_access
write$trusty read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$trusty read$smackfs_logging
write$trusty read$smackfs_ptrace
write$trusty read$snapshot
write$trusty read$snddsp
write$trusty read$sndhw
write$trusty read$trusty
write$trusty read$usbfs
write$trusty read$usbmon
write$trusty_avb read
write$trusty_avb read$FUSE
write$trusty_avb read$alg
write$trusty_avb read$char_usb
write$trusty_avb read$dsp
write$trusty_avb read$eventfd
write$trusty_avb read$fb
write$trusty_avb read$hiddev
write$trusty_avb read$hidraw
write$trusty_avb read$midi
write$trusty_avb read$proc_mixer
write$trusty_avb read$ptp
write$trusty_avb read$qrtrtun
write$trusty_avb read$rfkill
write$trusty_avb read$sequencer
write$trusty_avb read$smackfs_access
write$trusty_avb read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$trusty_avb read$smackfs_logging
write$trusty_avb read$smackfs_ptrace
write$trusty_avb read$snapshot
write$trusty_avb read$snddsp
write$trusty_avb read$sndhw
write$trusty_avb read$trusty
write$trusty_avb read$usbfs
write$trusty_avb read$usbmon
write$trusty_gatekeeper read
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$FUSE
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$alg
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$char_usb
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$dsp
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$eventfd
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$fb
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$hiddev
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$hidraw
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$midi
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$proc_mixer
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$ptp
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$qrtrtun
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$rfkill
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$sequencer
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$smackfs_access
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$smackfs_logging
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$smackfs_ptrace
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$snapshot
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$snddsp
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$sndhw
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$trusty
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$usbfs
write$trusty_gatekeeper read$usbmon
write$trusty_hwkey read
write$trusty_hwkey read$FUSE
write$trusty_hwkey read$alg
write$trusty_hwkey read$char_usb
write$trusty_hwkey read$dsp
write$trusty_hwkey read$eventfd
write$trusty_hwkey read$fb
write$trusty_hwkey read$hiddev
write$trusty_hwkey read$hidraw
write$trusty_hwkey read$midi
write$trusty_hwkey read$proc_mixer
write$trusty_hwkey read$ptp
write$trusty_hwkey read$qrtrtun
write$trusty_hwkey read$rfkill
write$trusty_hwkey read$sequencer
write$trusty_hwkey read$smackfs_access
write$trusty_hwkey read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$trusty_hwkey read$smackfs_logging
write$trusty_hwkey read$smackfs_ptrace
write$trusty_hwkey read$snapshot
write$trusty_hwkey read$snddsp
write$trusty_hwkey read$sndhw
write$trusty_hwkey read$trusty
write$trusty_hwkey read$usbfs
write$trusty_hwkey read$usbmon
write$trusty_hwrng read
write$trusty_hwrng read$FUSE
write$trusty_hwrng read$alg
write$trusty_hwrng read$char_usb
write$trusty_hwrng read$dsp
write$trusty_hwrng read$eventfd
write$trusty_hwrng read$fb
write$trusty_hwrng read$hiddev
write$trusty_hwrng read$hidraw
write$trusty_hwrng read$midi
write$trusty_hwrng read$proc_mixer
write$trusty_hwrng read$ptp
write$trusty_hwrng read$qrtrtun
write$trusty_hwrng read$rfkill
write$trusty_hwrng read$sequencer
write$trusty_hwrng read$smackfs_access
write$trusty_hwrng read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$trusty_hwrng read$smackfs_logging
write$trusty_hwrng read$smackfs_ptrace
write$trusty_hwrng read$snapshot
write$trusty_hwrng read$snddsp
write$trusty_hwrng read$sndhw
write$trusty_hwrng read$trusty
write$trusty_hwrng read$usbfs
write$trusty_hwrng read$usbmon
write$trusty_km read
write$trusty_km read$FUSE
write$trusty_km read$alg
write$trusty_km read$char_usb
write$trusty_km read$dsp
write$trusty_km read$eventfd
write$trusty_km read$fb
write$trusty_km read$hiddev
write$trusty_km read$hidraw
write$trusty_km read$midi
write$trusty_km read$proc_mixer
write$trusty_km read$ptp
write$trusty_km read$qrtrtun
write$trusty_km read$rfkill
write$trusty_km read$sequencer
write$trusty_km read$smackfs_access
write$trusty_km read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$trusty_km read$smackfs_logging
write$trusty_km read$smackfs_ptrace
write$trusty_km read$snapshot
write$trusty_km read$snddsp
write$trusty_km read$sndhw
write$trusty_km read$trusty
write$trusty_km read$usbfs
write$trusty_km read$usbmon
write$trusty_km_secure read
write$trusty_km_secure read$FUSE
write$trusty_km_secure read$alg
write$trusty_km_secure read$char_usb
write$trusty_km_secure read$dsp
write$trusty_km_secure read$eventfd
write$trusty_km_secure read$fb
write$trusty_km_secure read$hiddev
write$trusty_km_secure read$hidraw
write$trusty_km_secure read$midi
write$trusty_km_secure read$proc_mixer
write$trusty_km_secure read$ptp
write$trusty_km_secure read$qrtrtun
write$trusty_km_secure read$rfkill
write$trusty_km_secure read$sequencer
write$trusty_km_secure read$smackfs_access
write$trusty_km_secure read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$trusty_km_secure read$smackfs_logging
write$trusty_km_secure read$smackfs_ptrace
write$trusty_km_secure read$snapshot
write$trusty_km_secure read$snddsp
write$trusty_km_secure read$sndhw
write$trusty_km_secure read$trusty
write$trusty_km_secure read$usbfs
write$trusty_km_secure read$usbmon
write$trusty_storage read
write$trusty_storage read$FUSE
write$trusty_storage read$alg
write$trusty_storage read$char_usb
write$trusty_storage read$dsp
write$trusty_storage read$eventfd
write$trusty_storage read$fb
write$trusty_storage read$hiddev
write$trusty_storage read$hidraw
write$trusty_storage read$midi
write$trusty_storage read$proc_mixer
write$trusty_storage read$ptp
write$trusty_storage read$qrtrtun
write$trusty_storage read$rfkill
write$trusty_storage read$sequencer
write$trusty_storage read$smackfs_access
write$trusty_storage read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$trusty_storage read$smackfs_logging
write$trusty_storage read$smackfs_ptrace
write$trusty_storage read$snapshot
write$trusty_storage read$snddsp
write$trusty_storage read$sndhw
write$trusty_storage read$trusty
write$trusty_storage read$usbfs
write$trusty_storage read$usbmon
write$tun read
write$tun read$FUSE
write$tun read$alg
write$tun read$char_usb
write$tun read$dsp
write$tun read$eventfd
write$tun read$fb
write$tun read$hiddev
write$tun read$hidraw
write$tun read$midi
write$tun read$proc_mixer
write$tun read$ptp
write$tun read$qrtrtun
write$tun read$rfkill
write$tun read$sequencer
write$tun read$smackfs_access
write$tun read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$tun read$smackfs_logging
write$tun read$smackfs_ptrace
write$tun read$snapshot
write$tun read$snddsp
write$tun read$sndhw
write$tun read$trusty
write$tun read$usbfs
write$tun read$usbmon
write$uinput_user_dev read
write$uinput_user_dev read$FUSE
write$uinput_user_dev read$alg
write$uinput_user_dev read$char_usb
write$uinput_user_dev read$dsp
write$uinput_user_dev read$eventfd
write$uinput_user_dev read$fb
write$uinput_user_dev read$hiddev
write$uinput_user_dev read$hidraw
write$uinput_user_dev read$midi
write$uinput_user_dev read$proc_mixer
write$uinput_user_dev read$ptp
write$uinput_user_dev read$qrtrtun
write$uinput_user_dev read$rfkill
write$uinput_user_dev read$sequencer
write$uinput_user_dev read$smackfs_access
write$uinput_user_dev read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$uinput_user_dev read$smackfs_logging
write$uinput_user_dev read$smackfs_ptrace
write$uinput_user_dev read$snapshot
write$uinput_user_dev read$snddsp
write$uinput_user_dev read$sndhw
write$uinput_user_dev read$trusty
write$uinput_user_dev read$usbfs
write$uinput_user_dev read$usbmon
write$usbip_server read
write$usbip_server read$FUSE
write$usbip_server read$alg
write$usbip_server read$char_usb
write$usbip_server read$dsp
write$usbip_server read$eventfd
write$usbip_server read$fb
write$usbip_server read$hiddev
write$usbip_server read$hidraw
write$usbip_server read$midi
write$usbip_server read$proc_mixer
write$usbip_server read$ptp
write$usbip_server read$qrtrtun
write$usbip_server read$rfkill
write$usbip_server read$sequencer
write$usbip_server read$smackfs_access
write$usbip_server read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$usbip_server read$smackfs_logging
write$usbip_server read$smackfs_ptrace
write$usbip_server read$snapshot
write$usbip_server read$snddsp
write$usbip_server read$sndhw
write$usbip_server read$trusty
write$usbip_server read$usbfs
write$usbip_server read$usbmon
write$vga_arbiter read
write$vga_arbiter read$FUSE
write$vga_arbiter read$alg
write$vga_arbiter read$char_usb
write$vga_arbiter read$dsp
write$vga_arbiter read$eventfd
write$vga_arbiter read$fb
write$vga_arbiter read$hiddev
write$vga_arbiter read$hidraw
write$vga_arbiter read$midi
write$vga_arbiter read$proc_mixer
write$vga_arbiter read$ptp
write$vga_arbiter read$qrtrtun
write$vga_arbiter read$rfkill
write$vga_arbiter read$sequencer
write$vga_arbiter read$smackfs_access
write$vga_arbiter read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$vga_arbiter read$smackfs_logging
write$vga_arbiter read$smackfs_ptrace
write$vga_arbiter read$snapshot
write$vga_arbiter read$snddsp
write$vga_arbiter read$sndhw
write$vga_arbiter read$trusty
write$vga_arbiter read$usbfs
write$vga_arbiter read$usbmon
write$vhost_msg read
write$vhost_msg read$FUSE
write$vhost_msg read$alg
write$vhost_msg read$char_usb
write$vhost_msg read$dsp
write$vhost_msg read$eventfd
write$vhost_msg read$fb
write$vhost_msg read$hiddev
write$vhost_msg read$hidraw
write$vhost_msg read$midi
write$vhost_msg read$proc_mixer
write$vhost_msg read$ptp
write$vhost_msg read$qrtrtun
write$vhost_msg read$rfkill
write$vhost_msg read$sequencer
write$vhost_msg read$smackfs_access
write$vhost_msg read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$vhost_msg read$smackfs_logging
write$vhost_msg read$smackfs_ptrace
write$vhost_msg read$snapshot
write$vhost_msg read$snddsp
write$vhost_msg read$sndhw
write$vhost_msg read$trusty
write$vhost_msg read$usbfs
write$vhost_msg read$usbmon
write$vhost_msg_v2 read
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$FUSE
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$alg
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$char_usb
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$dsp
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$eventfd
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$fb
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$hiddev
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$hidraw
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$midi
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$proc_mixer
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$ptp
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$qrtrtun
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$rfkill
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$sequencer
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$smackfs_access
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$smackfs_cipsonum
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$smackfs_logging
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$smackfs_ptrace
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$snapshot
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$snddsp
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$sndhw
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$trusty
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$usbfs
write$vhost_msg_v2 read$usbmon
